generated:The ACB principle for exploration in deep reinforcement learning (RL) is well-motivated and the resultant algorithm is effective, so I vote for acceptance.
original:This paper tackles the problem of exploration in Deep RL in settings with a large action space. To this end, the authors introduce an intrinsic reward inspired by the exploration bonus of LinUCB. This novel exploration method called anti-concentrated confidence bounds (ACB) provably approximates the elliptical exploration bonus of LinUCB by using an ensemble of least-squares regressors. This allows ACB to bypass costly covariance matrix inversion, which can be problematic for high-dimensional problems (hence allowing it to be used in large state spaces). Empirical experiments show that ACB enjoys near-optimal performance in linear stochastic bandits. However, experiments
generated:This is a good paper, but it could benefit from reorganisation and clarification.
original:This paper provides a near-optimal analysis of the unadjusted Langevin Monte Carlo (LMC) algorithm with respect to the W2 distance. The main statement is that the mixing time is ~ d^{1/2}/eps under standard assumptions. The authors also give a nearly matching lower bound under these assumptions. The reviewers agreed that this is an interesting contribution obtained via non-trivial techniques. The consensus recommendation is to accept the paper.
generated:This paper proposes a novel and interesting way to learn surrogate losses, which can improve the performance of machine learning models.
original:The paper presents an approach to learn the surrogate loss for complex prediction tasks where the task loss is non-differentiable and non-decomposable. The novelty of the approach is to rely on differentiable sorting, optimizing the spearman correlation between the true loss and the surrogate. This leads to a pipeline that is simpler to integrate to existing works than approaches that try to learn a differentiable approximation to the task loss, and to better experimental results. The paper is well written and the approach clearly presented. The reviewers liked the simplicity of the approach and the promising experimental results on a variety of challenging tasks (human pose estimation and machine reading).
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) have published a paper on how to encode morphological information from a robot into a GNN.
original:This paper studies the role of positional and relational embedding s for multi-task reinforcement learning with transformer-based policies, The paper is well-motivated, the experiment shows its effectiveness against other competitive methods. In the rebuttal period, the authors solved most of the reviews’ questions such as novelty and ablation studies. There are still some concerns about the generalizability of this approach for other tasks and more experiments are needed.
generated:This is a very good paper, but I have some serious concerns about it.
original:This paper introduces a method to determine which precision to use for the weights, as well as a quantisation method using hysteresis to improve performance with low-precision weights, including 4-bits. Reviewers tend to agree that the two points presented are useful and can have a large impact on the field. Generally, reviewers pointed out that motivations, notations and experimental studies could be improved. This has been partly addressed by the authors. I recommend to accept this paper for ICLR 2022.
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a new way to learn the sampling density of an image.
original:Overall, this paper receives positive reviews. The reviewers find the technical novelty and contributions are significant enough for acceptance at this conference. The authors' rebuttal helps address some issues. The area chair agrees with the reviewers and recommend it be accepted at this conference.
generated:A new approach to parallelize the training of recurrent neural networks with long sequences has been proposed in a paper published in the journal Machine Learning.
original:This paper presents a way of using multigrid techniques to parallelize GRU networks across the time dimension. Reviewers are uniformly in favor of accepting the paper. The main strength is that the paper provides a new perspective on dealing with long input sequences by parallelizing RNNs across time. The main weaknesses are around the experiments: only CPU experiments are run, and sequences are not very long (max 128 length). All-in-all, though, it provides an interesting perspective that should be valuable to the community.
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have proposed a novel attack on image-recognition systems called SparseEvo.
original:This paper introduces a technique to generate L0 adversarial examples in a black-box manner. The reviews are largely positive, with the reviewers especially commenting on the paper being well written and clearly explaining the method. The main drawbacks raised by the reviewers is that the method is not clearly compared to some prior work, but in the rebuttal the authors provide many of these numbers. On the whole this is a useful and interesting attack that would be worth accepting.
generated:I have given this paper a 7.5 out of 10.
original:Thank you for your submission to ICLR. The reviewers ultimately have mixed opinions on this paper, but reading in a bit more depth I don't feel that the critical comments raised by the sole negative reviewer really raise valid points. Specifically, the fact that this reviewer directly asks e. g. for comparisons to Levine and Feiz 2019, when the paper (before its revisions) contains an entire section devoted to exactly this comparison, strikes me as not sufficient for a thorough review. However, while I'm thus going to recommend the paper for acceptance (it does present a notable, if somewhat minor, advance upon the state of the art in randomized smoothing), I also feel the paper is
generated:This paper proves the STLH for convolutional neural networks (CNNs).
original:The paper presents interesting new results for pruning random convolutional networks to approximate a target function. It follows a recent line of work in the topic of pruning by learning. The results are novel, and the techniques interesting. There are some technical issues that are easy to fix within the camera ready timeline (see comments of reviewers below). I would also suggest refining the title of the paper: the lottery ticket hypothesis has an algorithmic component too, which clearly is not covered by existence results.
generated:The paper has been published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:The paper introduces a pipeline to discover PDEs from scarce and noisy data. Reviewers engaged in a very thoughtful discussion with the authors. I read the extensive rebuttal, and I believe the authors have addressed the major concerns claimed by the reviewers. I ask the authors to make sure to include all the changes and additional experiments in the camera-ready version.
generated:Advantage-weighted regression is a novel method for learning goal-conditioned behavior from offline data.
original:The authors introduce a method that improves goal-conditioned supervised learning (GCSL) by iteratively re-weighting the experience by a variable that correlates with the number of steps till the desired goal. The reviewers mention that the authors focus on an important problem, their method is simple and the empirical results are significant. However, they do point several flaws of the paper, the main ones being questionable theoretical claims and the clarity of the presentation. After an extensive discussion, most reviewers agree that the paper should be accepted but I do encourage the authors to take into account the comments by the reviewers for the final version of the paper and make the theory more clear.
generated:A new method for reducing the number of data points in an embedding has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Machine Learning.
original:This paper proposes loss functions to encode topological priors during data embedding, based on persistence diagram constructions from computational topology. The paper initially had some expositional issues and technical questions, but the authors did an exceptional job of addressing them during the rebuttal period----nearly all reviewers raised their scores (or intended to but didn't update the numbers on their original reviews). The AC is willing to overlook some of the remaining questions. For example, concerns that topology isn't well known in the ICLR community (8muq) are partially addressed by the improved exposition (and it's OK to have technically sophisticated papers so long as some reviewers were able to evaluate
generated:The authors of the paper PF-GNN have proposed a novel model for learning expressive graph representations.
original:This paper presents a neural version of individual-refinement (IR) architecture for improving the expressiveness of GNN in terms of isomorphism tests. As IR is the dominant approach of practical graph isomorphism tests, adapting IR to GNN is a novel and important idea. As IR suffers from the exponential number of branches, the paper adapts particle filtering algorithms to sample K paths to approximate the full version of the IR algorithm. Simulation and real-world datasets are used to demonstrate the improvement over base GNN. Strengths: + The paper is well written and easy to follow. + The originality of the paper is high since it is both technically rich. Adapting
generated:A new framework for nonlinear ICA has been developed by a group of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley.
original:This paper proposes an identifiable nonlinear ICA model based on volume-preserving transformations. The overall approach is very similar to the GIN method published @ ICLR 2020. There is a weak consensus among the reviewers that this paper has some merit, although none pushed for acceptance. After reviewing the paper myself, I agree that the contributions here appear to be incremental, but the results do push this growing field of identifiable latent variable models forward.
generated:A paper has been published in the journal Artificial Intelligence which presents a novel approach to solving the problem of ad-hoc teaming.
original:The paper presents a method for cooperative ad-hoc collaboration by learning latent representations of the teammates. The method is evaluated in three domains. All the reviewers agree that the method is novel and adds an interesting contribution to the important and difficult problem of the ad-hoc collaboration, making fewer assumptions about the team and the teammates. The next version of the paper should comment: - On the societal impact of the centralized training. - Wang et al, CoRL 2020, https://arxiv. org/abs/2003.06906, which addresses the cooperative tasks in the ad-hoc teams without privileged knowledge and assumptions about the teammates.
generated:A review of the paper "Continual Normalization in a continual learning setting", published in the journal Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS).
original:The paper sheds light on issues with BN in continual learning and proposes a quite simple, which is a strength, solution to fix it. The Authors first draw attention to the fact that using recalculated moments boosts performance and reduces forgetting, which serves as an argument that at least partially BN contributes to catastrophic forgetting in continual learning. Given that BN remains quite important in certain application areas such as vision, it is a strong motivation for the paper. The experiments are thorough and clearly show that CN is a practically relevant alternative to BN in continual learning. One weakness of the paper is that the method is poorly motivated, and relatedly, it has quite limited novelty. CN combines the strengths
generated:Strenghts and Sanchez-Gonzalez have published a paper at the ICLR conference on deep learning in which they present the results of their work with a particular type of deep learning network (EGNN) based on a system of sticks and sticks.
original:The manuscript develops a new kind of graph neural network (a Graph Mechanics Network; GMN) that is particularly well suited to representing and making predictions about physical mechanics systems (and data with similar structure). It does so by developing a way to build geometric constraints implicitly and naturally into the forward kinematics of the network, while still allowing for effective learning from data. The manuscript proves some essential properties of the new architecture and runs experiments both with simulated particles, hinges, sticks (and their combination), as well as with motion capture data. Reviewers were generally impressed by the writing and clarity of the work, as well as the main results. In addition, in those cases where reviewers thought that
generated:A review of the new CKL-based learning problem, UpdatedLAMA and NewLAMA.
original:The paper introduces the problem of continual knowledge (language) learning. The authors point out the interesting duality between continual learning and knowledge learning where: in knowledge learning one must avoid forgetting time-invariant knowledge (avoid forgetting in CL), be able to acquire new knowledge (learn new tasks in CL), and replace outdated knowledge (a form of forgetting and re-learning or adaptation). In their paper, the authors develop an initial benchmark for the task along with a set of baselines and provide empirical studies. The initial reviews were quite mixed. The reviewers seem to agree this work studies an interesting and fairly novel direction for continual learning of language. However, the reviewers did not agree on whether
generated:Surreal GAN has been used to detect two distinctive patterns of atrophy in Alzheimer’s disease.
original:The authors present a GAN for learning a continuous representation of disease-related image patterns from regional volume information generated from structural MRI images. The reviewers find the problem relevant and appreciate the proposed solution. They find the paper well-written and find the empirical results on Alzheimer brain MRIs relevant for the neuroscience community. The overall objective function includes several hyper-parameters. As pointed out as the main weak point by multiple reviewers this may hint at overengineering/overfitting to a data set. However, the reviewers also mention that the regularizers are all sufficiently well-motivated in the paper and the author response. Reviewers highlight comparisons on the real data as a strong result demonstrating
generated:This paper aims to tackle an important problem in reinforcement learning, i.e., how to learn a fine-grained reward function without accessing a reward function.
original:The topic of learning reward functions from preferences and how to do this efficiently is of high interest to the ML/RL community. All reviewers appreciate the suggested technical approach and the thorough evaluations that demonstrate clear improvements. While the technical novelty of the paper is not entirely compelling, all reviewers recommend acceptance of the paper.
generated:The paper is well-written and motivated by the observation that diffusion on a graph often converges to a fixed point.
original:The paper got four accepts (after the reviewers changed their scores), all with high confidences. The theories are complete and the experiments are solid. The AC found no reason to overturn reviewers' recommendations. However, the AC deemed that all the pieces are just routine, thus only recommended poster.
generated:A new approach to learning the worst groups has been proposed by Elliot Creager, Jörn-Henrik Jacobsen, and Richard Zemel.
original:This paper presents a new method to decrease the supervision cost for learning spurious attributes using worst-group loss minimization. Their method uses samples both with and without spurious attribute annotations to train a model to predict the spurious attribute, then use the pseudo-attribute predicted by the trained model as supervision on the spurious attribute to train a new robust model having minimal worst-group loss. The experiments show promising results in this domain for reducing annotation cost. The reviewers vote to accept the paper, and some of them increased their scores during the discussions since the authors have addressed their concerns.
generated:This is a nice paper, but I would like to see it accepted and have raised my score accordingly.
original:This paper presents a conditional variational autoencoder (CVAE) approach to solve an instance of stochastic integer program (SIP) using graph convolutional networks. Experiments show that their method achieves high quality solutions with high performance. It holds merit as an interesting novel application of CVAEs to the ML for combinatorial optimization literature, as well as for the nice empirical results which show a very nice improvement. Two reviewers had a concern that the contribution is a bit narrowly focused toward MILP-focused journal rather than a general-purpose ML conference since the core contribution is the novel application. On the other hand, they believe that combinatorial optimization has
generated:A review of the paper, published in the journal Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS), by Lee and Tang.
original:This paper proposes to use LOO to characterize the generalization error of neural networks via the connection between NN and kernel learning. The reviewers find the new results interesting. The meta reviewer agrees and thus recommend acceptance.
generated:A few questions for the authors of a paper on the Kalman filter and some comments on the structure of the paper.
original:This paper presents a method for inference in state-space models with non-linear dynamics and linear-Gaussian observations. Instead of parameterizing a generative model, the paper proposes to parameterize the conditional distribution of current latent states given previous latent states and observations using locally linear transitions, where the parameters of the linear mappings are given by neural networks. Under fairly standard conditionally-independence assumptions, the paper uses known Bayesian filtering/smoothing tricks to derive a recursive estimation algorithm and a parameter-estimation method based on a simple maximum likelihood objective. Overall, the reviewers found the idea to be novel and interesting and I agree. They also found the relation to the noise2
generated:I have just read the paper by Tian and Basagen on why a single classifier can perform well in few-shot learning problems, by exploring the idea of neural collapse (NC).
original:Based on the previously observed neural collapse phenomenon that the features learned by over-parameterized classification networks show an interesting clustering property, this paper provides an explanation for this behavior by studying the transfer learning capability of foundation models for few-shot downstream tasks. Both theoretical and empirical justifications are presented to elaborate that neural collapse generalizes to new samples from the training classes, and to new classes as well. The problem that this paper delves into is important. The paper is well-motivated, and well structured with a good flow. Both theoretical and empirical analyses of the paper are solid. Preliminary ratings are mixed, but during rebuttal, multi-round responses and in-depth
generated:Here is my assessment of the A-GEM paper, which was submitted to the ICML’18 conference.
original:One way of avoiding catastrophic forgetting in continual learning is through keeping a memory buffer for experience replay. This paper addresses the problem of online selection of representative samples for populating such memory buffer for experience replay. The paper proposes novel information-theoretic criteria that selects samples that captures surprise (samples that are most informative) and learnability (to avoid outliers). They utilize a Bayesian formulation to quantify informativeness. They provide two algorithms: a greedy approach, and an approach that takes timing (when to) update memory into account based on reservoir sampling to mitigate possible issues with class imbalance. Pros: The paper is well written and organized. It was easy to follow. The formulation
generated:A review of the paper by Marc Lanctot, Vinicius Zambaldi, Angeliki Lazaridou, Julien Perolat, Thore Graepel.
original:Although the initial scores of the paper were not positive, the authors managed to properly address the questions/concerns of the reviewers and the changes they made to the paper convinced the reviewers' to update their scores. This clearly shows that there were flaws in the original presentation of the paper. So, I would recommend the authors to take the reviewers' comments into account when they prepare the camera-ready version of their work.
generated:A few weeks ago, I gave the paper by Raj and Geiger 2020 a poor rating.
original:Initially, some reviewers have raised several points of criticism regarding certain aspects of the model whose novelty/significance was a bit unclear. After the rebuttal and the discussion phase, however, everyone agreed that most of these concerns could be addressed in a convincing way, and finally all reviewers were in favor of this paper. After carefully going over all the reviews, the rebuttal and the discussions, I fully agree with the reviewers and came to the conclusion that this paper indeed contains some interesting, novel and relevant contributions.
generated:A recent paper, SubGNN, proposed a novel way to train GNNs to learn subgraphs.
original:This paper proposes a labeling trick for subgraph representation learning with GNNs. The proposed method, GLASS, improves on subgraph-level tasks. The topic of subgraph representation learning is relatively new, and this paper makes progress in that community which would be appreciated by other researchers interested in the same problem. The paper in the original submission state raised some concerns from the reviewers about unclear writing of the motivation and potential applications, technical novelty, and comparisons with existing approaches (even one that are not specifically designed for subgraph representation learning). It is good that the authors conducted additional experiments to show the effect of SSL (that the approach makes improvements without SSL). This and other clarifications from
generated:A new approach to multi-omics data integration has been proposed in a paper published in the journal Computational Biology.
original:A deep Bayesian generative model is presented for multi-omics integration, using fused Gromov-Wasserstein regularization between latent representations of the data views. The method removes several non-trivial and practically important restrictions from an earlier method BayRel, enabling application in new setups, while still performing well. Reviewers discussed the paper with the authors, resolving misunderstandings of the differences from earlier work (esp. BayReL). The authors reported more extensive experiments in the rebuttal, though not comparisons. The main remaining weakness is that the contributions are in a very narrow field, or at least aplications have only been demonstrated in the narrow field of multi-omics
generated:An algorithm for learning-based compressed sensing has been proposed by the authors of a paper published in the journal SICOMP.
original:Dear Authors, The paper was received nicely and discussed during the rebuttal period. There is consensus among the reviewers that the paper should be accepted: - This paper does contribute solidly to a timely topic of theoretical understanding of sparisty recovery with deep unroling. - The original version had very limited experiments and only synthetic ones, which raised concerns about whether the setting is motivated and whether the algorithm works on actual real data. The revision fixed that to an extent with some experiments on real data. Yet, there are still some concerns that we suggest to be tackled for the final version: - The capacity analysis is carried out inside a strongly convex regime while the algorithm is advocated for noncon
generated:AdversarialAugment is a novel approach to training pattern recognition networks that uses image-to-image translation networks to generate corrupted samples.
original:The paper proposes an adversarial data augmentation technique searching for adversarial weight perturbations of a corruption network (e. g. a pretrained image-to-image model). The goal is to achieve common corruption robustness as well as a non-trivial level of adversarial robustness. The authors claim state-of-the-art-performance on CIFAR10-C. Most reviewers had initial concerns which the authors could clarify in most cases. Finally, all reviewers argue for acceptance. Strengths: - no pre-defined corruption model necessary - extensive experiments on CIFAR10 and ImageNet with SOTA results - all reviewers agree that this paper
generated:A black-box adversarial attack via random search has been proposed by Maksym Andriushchenko, Francesco Croce, Nicolas Flam- marion and Matthias Hein.
original:The paper shows that the transfer attack is query efficient and the success rate can be kept high with the zeroth-order score-based attack as a backup. Experiments show state-of-the-art results. Pros: - Simple method based on a simple idea. - State of the art performance. Cons: - Proposal is a straightforward combination of two methods, and therefore technical contribution is marginal. - The threat model is easy (surrogate can be trained on the same datasets and use the same loss function) and questionable. Most of the experimental evidence shows that the research for this threat model is almost saturated (and the problem seems almost solved). This paper got a
generated:The authors of the paper Austin et al. 2019 (ARDM) have submitted to NeurIPS 2021 have shown that a dynamic programming approach can be used to parallelise the generative process.
original:This paper introduces Autoregressive Diffusion Models (ARDMs), which generalises order-agnostic autoregressive models and absorbing discrete diffusion. All reviewers appreciated the paper with a few also finding it very dense. The experimental section is a bit lacking in detail. This has to some degree been answered in the discussion and should also be included in the final version of the paper. Acceptance is recommended.
generated:As-ViT is a novel all-in-one efficient framework for finding the optimal architecture for a single-scale vision transformer (ViT).
original:The paper introduces As-ViT, an interesting framework for searching and scaling ViTs without training. Overall, the paper received positive reviews. On the other hand, R1 rated the paper as marginally below the threshold, raising concerns about search on small datasets and issues regarding the comparison in terms of FLOPS/accuracy with other methods. The authors adequately addressed these concerns in the rebuttal, and helped clarify other questions by R2 and R3. R1 did not participate in the discussion after the author response nor updated his/her review. The AC agrees with R2 and R3 that the paper passes the acceptance bar of ICLR, as the unified approach for efficient search
generated:This is a very interesting paper, but I have a few technical questions and suggestions about it.
original:This paper introduces a differentiable yarn-level model of fabrics. The model is more detailed and physically realistic than proposed in earlier work, which may allow for applications to manufacturing guidance and textile design. The paper is generally well-written and contains detailed problem formulation and derivations. Experiments show it is possible to successfully learn a control policy and material parameters using the differentiable model.
generated:A team of researchers in China have proposed a novel approach to the OOD problem, based on the KS statistical test and random projections.
original:The paper investigates the use of flow models for out-of-distribution detection. The paper proposes to use a combination of random projections in the latent space of flow models and one-sample / two-sample statistical tests for detecting OOD inputs. The authors present results on image benchmarks as well as non-image benchmarks. The reviewers found the approach well-motivated and appreciated the ablations. The authors did a good job of addressing reviewer concerns during the rebuttal. During the discussion phase, the consensus decision leaned towards acceptance. I recommend accept and encourage the reviewers to address any remaining concerns in the final version. It might be worth discussing this paper in the related work: Density
generated:This paper presents a novel approach to debugging convolutional neural networks in the field of image recognition.
original:This work identifies an interesting bias that can occur when applying occlusion based interpretability methods to debug image classifiers. For context, the motivation behind many of these methods is that by occluding various parts of the image, one can ask counterfactuals such as "what would the model have predicted if this object were not present in the image"? However, the authors note that when occluding pixels, classifiers are still functions of the occlusions themselves, so this process may introduce a bias as a result. This is most clearly demonstrated in Figure 2 where a convolutional architecture classifies various occluded images as "jigsaw" or "crossword puzzle
generated:This is a well-motivated and well-written paper that presents a novel approach to the classification of few-shot images.
original:Reviewers all found the work well-motivated in addressing uncertainty, a topic that has not seen much focus in meta-learning and few-shot learning. They describe the challenges well: small sample sizes and OOD shift. They then propose a solution they find works well empirically to overcome these challenges based on a set encoder and an energy function respectively. The proposal is largely one of engineering components that have been found to work well in the literature. I'm sympathetic to this style of research (particularly in today's neural network research), although the reviewers raise a primary concern about whether the choices leading to the proposal are justified. In particular, two Reviewers argue that there are no
generated:A new method for learning object representations and physical dynamics from videos has been proposed at the ICCV 2021 conference.
original:This work proposes a new framework that can learn the object-centric representation for video. The authors did a good job during rebuttal and turned one slightly negative reviewer into positive ones. The final scores are 6,6,8,8. AC agrees that this work is very interesting and deserves to be published on ICLR. The reviewers did raise some valuable concerns that should be addressed in the final camera-ready version of the paper. The authors are also encouraged to make other necessary changes.
generated:An open-sourced paper on the scaling laws for neural language models has been published by Kaplan and Levine.
original:The results reported in this paper and the model checkpoints released are of interest and broad utility to the community in the opinion of the NLP. While one reviewer was somewhat negative, most reviewers were in favor of acceptance of this paper, which expands the results from [1] to downstream tasks. The AC therefore recommends acceptance.
generated:The proposed method for generating CAD sketches is based on the SketchGraphs dataset, which is a large collection of hand-drawn sketches.
original:The paper describes an approach for automatically generating CAD sketches, including both the primitives that describe the drawing, as well as the constraints that describe relationships between the primitives that need to be maintained even if the primitives are changed. This is an important problem that is starting to receive a lot of attention from the literature. Overall, the paper is very well executed and the results are quite compelling. There were some concerns about the relationship with the work by Willis et al. and other papers that were published around the time when this paper was submitted. There is still some novelty in this paper relative to those works as argued in appendix H, but it would have been really good to have a more
generated:The authors of this paper have proposed a new architecture for a time-varying graph-based neural network (ST-GNN).
original:This paper proposes a new time-varying convolutional architecture (ST-GNN) for dynamic graphs. The reviewers were positive about the presentation and detailed theory, especially on the stability analysis. The shared criticism was on experimental validation synthetic datasets that the reviewers did not find appealing. The AC believes that while the lacking validation concerns are legit, there is a lack of sophisticated dynamic graph benchmarks in the community yet, so the authors did their best effort to test their method. We thus recommend to accept the paper.
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have submitted a paper on a new method for scaling spherical CNNs.
original:The submission develops a rotationally equivariant scattering transform on the sphere. Many developments in deep learning make use of spherical representations, and the development of a rotationally equivariant scattering transform is an important if not unexpected development. The reviews are split with half of the reviewers believing it to be slightly above the threshold for acceptance, and half believe it to be slightly below the threshold for acceptance. In the papers favor, it solves an important case of the scattering transform framework, which has been demonstrated to be important in diverse machine learning applications such as learning with small data sets, differentially private learning, and network initialization. As such, continued fundamental development in this area is valuable, especially in
generated:This is a very well-written and empirical paper, which shows that Gaussians are not the best choice of prior for BNNs.
original:This paper provides some empirical investigation of the choice of the prior distribution for the weights in Bayesian neural networks. It shows empirically that, when trained via SGD, weights in feedforward neural networks exhibit heavy-tails, while weights in convolutional neural networks are spatially correlated. From this observation they show that the use of such priors leads to some improved performances compared to the iid Gaussian prior in some experimental settings. Reviewers have conflicting views on this paper, that have not been reconcilied after the author's response and the discussion. On the plus side, the paper is very well written, the experimental part is carefully conducted, and provides some insights on the choice
generated:A review of the paper by Andrychowicz et al. (NeurIPS, 2017) on multi-goal reinforcement learning.
original:The main detractor of this paper feels that the paper makes a relatively small technical and empirical contribution given existing results on HER (Andrychowicz et al., NeurIPS 2017). However, several other reviewers, who had more engagement in the discussion, were strong supporters. Having looked at the paper myself I thought the selection of experimental problems undermined the results. Experiments are most compelling when many unaffiliated groups compete on the same benchmarks. But the basic idea of integrating HER with AlphaZero, and a reasonable attempt at this, seems to be interesting enough to warrant a poster.
generated:This is a very good paper, but there are a number of places where it could have been improved.
original:Kernel methods are among the most flexible and powerful approaches of our times. Random features (RF) provide a recent mechanism to also make them scalable due to the associated finite (and often small)-dimensional approximate feature map (in the paper referred to as linearization). The focus of the submission is the linearization of the softmax kernel (defined in (1)) while making sure that the obtained RF approximation is accurate simultaneously for the small and the large kernel values. The authors present a hybrid random feature (HRF, defined in (8)) construction parameterized by base estimators and weights, and show that specific choice of these parameters is capable of implementing the goal. Some of the HR
generated:This is a good study, but it doesn’t offer much in the way of new insights.
original:This paper presents a comparison and analysis of continual learning methods for pretrained language models. The authors categorise continual learning methods into three categories, those that use cross task regularisation, those that employ some form of experience replay of previous training examples, and those that dynamically alter the network architecture for each task. Evaluation results from representative examples of these three paradigms are then presented and analysed. In general methods that incorporate experience reply appear to perform the best, while analysis of the predictive power of individual layers of the pretrained models suggests that some network layers are more robust to catastrophic forgetting than others, and that this also varies across architectures (BERT, ALBERT, etc.). In general
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have presented a novel way to detect spurious features in SOTA models.
original:The paper tackles the important problem of spurious feature detection in deep neural networks. Specifically, it proposes a framework to identify core and spurious features by investigating the activation maps with human supervision. Then, it produces an annotated version of the ImageNet dataset with core and spurious features, called Salient ImageNet, which is then used to empirically assess the robustness of the method against spurious training signals in comparison with current SOTA models. As pointed out by the reviewers, this work is not about causality and the definitions of causal and spurious features were originally vague and inaccurate. During the revision and discussion, the authors changed the terms "causal" features/accuracy to "core"
generated:The current work presents a differentiable DAG sampling strategy that can be easily implemented with PyTorch or TensorFlow.
original:The authors proposed an algorithm for sampling DAGs that is suited for continuous optimization. The sampling algorithm has two main steps: In the first step, a causal order over the variables is selected. In the second step, edges are sampled based on the selected order. Moreover, based on this algorithm, they proposed a method in order to learn the causal structure from the observational data. The causal structure learning algorithm is guaranteed to output a DAG at any time and it is not required any pre- or post-processing unlike previous work. There were concerns by two reviewers on the slight lack of novelty ("the proposed method of this paper is only a combination of well-developed techniques") but I
generated:A review of the paper, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).
original:The paper examines the advantage of using models in RL. The authors' rebuttals convinced us of the value of the paper.
generated:The authors have published a paper in the journal IEEE Transactions on Robotics and Automation in which they present an algorithm for learning a new task.
original:The reviewers agree that addressing long-horizon tasks with off-line learning and fine tuning afterwards from demonstrations is an interesting and relevant topic. The technical ideas about learning a relevance metric to select relevant off-line data, and to learn an inverse skill dynamics models. The experimental results are convincing, even if success rates are sometimes lower than expected. All reviewers recommend acceptance of the paper.
generated:The paper is well-written and organized, with good theoretical supports.
original:The authors introduce a novel probabilistic hierarchical clustering method for graphs. In particular they design an end-to-end gradient-based learning to optimize the Dasgupta cost and Tree Sampling Divergence cost at the same time. Overall the paper presents solid results both from a theoretical and experimental perspective so I think it is a good fit for the conference and I suggest accepting it.
generated:A paper on the design of experiments for drug discovery has been published at the International Conference on Machine Learning (ICLR).
original:This paper introduces a benchmark for experimental design algorithms for an important cellular biological question, causal discovery of effective genetic knock-out interventions. It uses existing datasets. The paper was discussed by the reviewers after the authors correctly pointed out that methodological machine learning novelty is not a necessary condition for accepting papers. Two reviewers increased their scores and all are slightly positive. The benchmark was seen as valuable, and one reviewer even commented they might use it in their own research. However, the paper is still on the borderline as this benchmark is only a first step. It has not been shown yet that machine learning insights can be produced with it, as the authors have not actually used it for benchmarking yet. In
generated:Here are some questions for the authors of the paper:.
original:Although reviews were initially a little polarized, they trend toward accepting the paper after rebuttal and discussion. The most negative review raised issues of datasets, baselines, and experiments, and various details that they find confusing. These concerns were not shared by the other reviewers for the most part. Following a detailed rebuttal the most negative reviewer ended up siding with the more positive reviewers.
generated:The paper is of high quality and demonstrates the benefits of the proposed method in a large variety of domains.
original:In this paper, a new method is proposed to discover diverse policies solving a given task. The key ideas are to (1) learn one policy at a time, with each new policy trying to be different enough from the previous ones, and (2) switch between two rewards on a per-trajectory basis: the "normal" reward on trajectories that are unlikely enough under previoiusly discovered policies, and a "diversity-inducing" reward on trajectories that are too likely (so as to push the policy being learned away from the previous ones). The main benefit of this switching mechanism is to ensure that the new policy will be optimal, because the reward signal isn
generated:A team of researchers have proposed a novel way to predict traffic patterns using a memory network called GCMeme.
original:The paper presents a neural architecture based on neural memory modules to model the spatiotemporal traffic data. The reviewers think this is an important application of deep learning and thus fits the topic of ICLR. The writing and the novelty of the proposed method need improvement.
generated:Using the label trick in GNN training does not lead to better performance, according to the empirical results.
original:The paper provides the theoretical justification for the "label trick" (using labels in graph-based semisupervised learning tasks). The authors performed a thorough evaluation of their analysis, which constitutes an experimental contribution. The authors provided a rebuttal that the AC finds to have reasonably addressed the reviewers' concerns. We recommend acceptance.
generated:A new approach to gradient-based optimization for recurrent architectures has been proposed in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
original:This paper adapts a method called "real-time recurrent learning" for training recurrent neural networks. The idea is to project the true gradient onto a subspace of desired dimensionality along a candidate direction. There are a variety of possible candidates: random directions, backpropagation through time, meta-learning approaches, etc. The main strength of the paper is that it is a very simple idea that seems to have practical utility. While often presented in different contexts, it should be clearly noted by the authors that the general idea of using low dimensional directional derivatives for computational efficiency is fairly common in optimization. Reviewers mention sketch and project methods. This has also been looked, for example,
generated:An interesting paper has been published in the journal Annals of Machine Learning.
original:The reviewers thought this paper tackles an interesting question around whether MaxEnt RL already provides an important form of robustness. Such work helps us better understand the intersection between generalization, regularization and robustness. The reviewers had a number of comments, questions and clarifications and were generally satisfied with the detailed responses provided by the authors. There was some concern over the strength of the experiments and the authors also ran additional experiments. These addressed one reviewer’s concerns, though the other still thought the existing experiments were a bit too simple.
generated:The authors of the JEM paper have proposed a probabilistic framework to explain the generative ability of adversarial trained models.
original:This paper presents a probabilistic framework that explains why models trained adversarially are robust generators. It received fairly high initial scores. The reviewers thought the work was novel and interesting. They liked that the analysis provided a way to derive a novel training method and sampling algorithms. Reviewers confirmed their support of acceptance and I think this paper is clearly above the bar. Respectfully, I’d prefer that the authors don’t ask the reviewers to “raise your score”. It is up to the reviewers to make that decision.
generated:A review of 'Expressive Power of Invariant and Equivariant Graph Neural Networks' by Azizian and Lelarge (ICLR 2021).
original:This work studies the question of increasing the expressive power of GNNs by adding positional encodings while preserving equivariance and stability to graph perturbations. Reviewers were generally positive about this work, highlighting its judicious problem setup, identifying the right notion of stability and how it should drive the design of positional encodings. Despite some concerns about the discrepancy between the theoretical results and the empirical evaluation, the consensus was ultimately that this work is an interesting contribution, and therefore the AC recommends acceptance.
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a novel way to inject backdoors into NLP models, called BadPre.
original:The paper presents a backdoor attack approach against pre-trained models that may affect different downstream languages tasks with the same trigger. The paper shows that the downstream models can inherit security holes from upstream pre-trained models. The paper is on the borderline and disagreement remains after discussion and author responses. In general, the new setting introduced in the paper is interesting and well-motivated. However, the options split in how realistic the setting is (e. g., use of uncommon trigger), the evaluation of stealthiness, and the novelty of the idea. After checking the paper, I believe the ideas and insights are justifiable for an ICLR paper and they differ significantly enough from the prior work
generated:Korobov space is free of the curse of data dimensionality, as shown by the proof of Theorem 2.17.
original:The authors theoretically analyze the approximation of Korobov functions by neural networks, obtaining upper and nearly matching lower bounds, for shallow and deep networks, with different activation functions. The bounds are stronger than what can be proved for the more commonly studied Sobolev functions. But Korobov functions are a natural and fairly wide class of functions. This work makes a substantial step forward in clarifying what kind of functions are especially amenable to representation by neural networks. The reviewers also appreciated the clarity of the writing.
generated:An Automated Data Augmentation method for Text Classification has been proposed by Shuhuai Ren, Jinchao Zhang, Lei Li, Xu Sun and Jie Zhou.
original:We appreciate the authors for addressing the comments raised by the reviewers during the discussion period, which includes providing more experimental results to address the concerns. We believe the publication of this paper can contribute to the important topic of data augmentation. The authors are highly recommended to consider all the comments and suggestions made by the reviewers when further revising their paper for publication.
generated:This is a well-written and well-conceived paper, but it has some weaknesses.
original:The authors present a new memory-augmented neural network that is related to the Kanerva machine of Wu et. al. The reviewers considered the ideas in the paper novel and interesting, but were concerned about presentation issues and literature review. The authors have improved both... however- authors: please even under limited space constraints, make more room for related work! Clarifying your contribution in the context of the literature is critical for reader understanding, and neglecting this almost had your paper rejected out of hand. I am voting to accept
generated:The authors of this paper have proposed a new method for clustering survival data, which they say is more accurate and accurate than previous methods.
original:Four knowledgeable referees recommend Accept. I also think the paper provides a unique contribution to the field of deep survival models and I, therefore, recommend Accept
generated:The authors of a new paper claim that a novel method of reinforcement learning (RL) outperforms the state-of-the-art methods used by UBAR and ConvLab.
original:The reviewers are all weakly positive. The author response clarified important aspects of the paper. The new human evaluation was critical. However, the human evaluation result presentation is flawed: presenting Likert scores as means does not reflect them well. The authors should use something similar to a Gantt chart to fully reflect the distribution across Likert categories. Another detail in the human evaluation that are troubling: it does not reflect interaction with the system, but judgements through observation. Therefore, the human evaluation does not reflect the ability of the learned dialogue system to interact with users. Overall, the paper makes a nice, original contribution, but despite author improvement there are evaluation flaws (even if
generated:The authors of a paper published in the Journal of Neural Information Processing have proposed a GBST that uses a weighted average of subword blocks to train NLP models.
original:This paper introduces a soft gradient-based subword tokenization module (GBST) that learns latent subword representations from characters. GBST enumerates candidate subword blocks and learns to score them in a position-wise fashion using a block scoring network. The resulting model was tested on GLUE, and several cross-lingual tasks. The performance is competitive with ByteT5 and often similar to subword models while being more efficient in FLOPs and RAM. Reviewers are mixed on this. The negative reviewer points to how this not being a real tokenizer and does not produce a tokenization, that experiments that use the base model do not address bigger scales, and that there
generated:A recent paper in the journal Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems shows that a method that uses isometric regularization and FM leads to marginal or no loss in reconstruction accuracy.
original:This paper proposes an extension to learning a representation: it motivates, proposes and evaluates a new regularizer term that promotes smoothness via enforcing the representation to be geometry-preserving (isometry, conformal mapping of degree k). Comparisons with a standard VAE and FMVAE (Chen et al. 2020) are shown and experiments are provided on CelebA with several different attributes as target classification tasks. The paper has received extensive reviews and the authors have successfully answered most of the concerns raised, mostly regarding comparisons to other techniques that try to introduce a regularization based on the properties of the Jacobian of the decoder network. The appendix has been extended as a result of
generated:This work addresses a relevant problem that has not been addressed before in the literature.
original:The article proposes an approach to alter the approximate posterior distribution in order to remove some of the information (unlearning). The approach is applicable when the approximate posterior is obtained via (stochastic gradient) MCMC methods. Unlearning is done by shifting the approximate true posterior by some value delta, which is found via optimisation with an influence function. The approach is novel, tackles an important problem and is mathematically sound. Reviewers have highlighted some of its limitations. In particular, the modified posterior is obtained by translating the original posterior, without changing its shape; many aspects of the data may therefore not be forgotten. The authors have partially addressed this concern in their response and provided additional experiments
generated:The authors have published a paper on actor-critic in which they show that once a policy is within the ball of the maximum entropy optimal policy, it remains there forever.
original:The paper makes a significant contribution in the rather sparse and challenging field of convergence analyses of actor-critic style algorithms, under the linear MDP structural assumption, showing that there is a natural bias towards being high-entropy. As one of the reviewers points out, although it is unlikely that the strategy actually proposed is amenable to implementation, the paper nevertheless provides a clean and novel analysis of convergence of learning by eschewing the usual mixing time type assumptions often found in the theoretically-oriented RL literature. Based on this strength of the paper, I am glad to recommend its acceptance.
generated:A review of Hendryks and Gimpel's (ICLR 2017) paper on anomaly detection based on Fisher-Rao information metrics.
original:This paper introduces a novel approach for out of distribution detection that generates scores from a trained DNN model by using the Fisher-Rao distance between the feature distributions of a given input sample at the logit layer and the lower layers of the model and the corresponding mean feature distributions over the training data. The use of Fisher-Rao distance is novel in the context of OOD, and the empirical evaluations are extensive. The main concerns of the reviewers were the limitations of the Gaussianity assumption used in computing the Fisher-Rao distance and the use of the sum of the Fisher-Rao distances to the class-conditional distributions of the target classes rather than the minimum distance.
generated:Caron and Xu's paper tackles an interesting problem that is under-studied, but largely follows prior art in terms of the approach.
original:Four experts reviewed the paper. All but Reviewer HSTU recommended acceptance. The authors clearly did a great job with the rebuttal, which convinced two reviewers to raise their scores above the acceptance threshold. Notably, the reviewers found the newly added experiments impressively strong. The rebuttal also addressed some clarification questions. Based on the reviewers' feedback, the decision is to recommend the paper for acceptance. As mentioned by the reviewers, some experiments and discussions in the rebuttal should be included in the paper. The authors are encouraged to make the necessary changes to the best of their ability. We congratulate the authors on the acceptance of their paper!
generated:A new method for training neural networks with discrete stochastic variables has been submitted for publication in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:The paper introduces a method to train neural networks based on so-called stability regularisation. The method encourages the outputs of functions of Gaussian random variables to be close to discrete and does not require temperature annealing like the Gumbel Softmax. All reviewers agreed that the proposed method was novel and of interest. The authors conducted extensive experiments. They also adequately addressed the concerns raised by the reviewers (e. g., theoretical foundation and computational cost).
generated:A paper has been published in the journal IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems, in which an extension of unrolled alternating minimization on a sparse S and a general A is presented.
original:The paper develops an unrolled version of the PALM algorithm for sparse blind (or semi-blind) source separation. The unrolled version includes a soft-thresholding update, in which the thresholding parameter and one of the weight matrices is learned from data, with a least squares dictionary update, in which the step size is learned from data. The paper provides experimental results showing that this LPALM algorithm is less sensitive to the choice of hyper parameters (since step sizes, etc. are learned from data), and to the choice of the initial dictionary (perhaps since the W matrices are learned from similar examples). It also improves over PALM on experimental data from an astronomy
generated:The ParaACE model is a good example of a multi-armed bandits approach to interaction detection, and the authors have done a good amount of technical work to evaluate their approach.
original:This paper tackles the problem of feature interactions identification in black-box models, which is an important problem towards achieving explainable AI/ML. The authors formulate the problem under the multi-armed bandit setting and propose a solution based on the UCB algorithm. This simplification of the problem leads to a computationally feasible solution, for which the authors provide several theoretical analyses. The importance of the learned interactions is showcased in a new deep learning model leveraging these interactions, leading to a reduction in model size (thereby competing against pruning methods) as well as an improvement in accuracy (thereby competing against generalization methods). Although the proposed approach essentially builds on the specific UCB algorithm,
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a novel way to normalize non-stationary time series forecasting models.
original:This paper introduces the "reversible instance normalization" (RevIN), a method for addressing temporal distribution shift in time-series forecasting. RevIN consists in normalizing (subtracting the mean and dividing by the standard deviation) each layer of of deep neural network in a given temporal window for a given instance, and de-normalizing by introducing learnable shifting and scaling parameters. The paper initially received one weak accept and two weak reject recommendations. The main limitations pointed out by reviewers relate to the limited novelty of the approach, the positioning with window normalization methods and hybrid methods in times series, and clarifications on experiments. The authors' rebuttal did a good job in
generated:A review of the paper, "An alternative mechanism for ranking neurons containing linguistic attributes", published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
original:This paper analyses interpretation methods that use probes to evaluate the information in individual neurons of a deep network and shows that it confounds probe quality and ranking quality, and encoded information and used information. The paper proposes a new method which does not suffer from the same drawbacks. The reviewers were positive about this paper, and the discussion between the reviewers and authors resulted in the authors adding multiple clarifications. I ask the authors to try to optimize the paper for clarity further. I recommend acceptance.
generated:A review of the paper StarQE for question answering over hyper-relational knowledge graphs.
original:This paper presents a query embedding approach for answering multi-hop queries over a hyper-relational knowledge graph (KG). The main contributions are a new dataset (WD50K-QE) for this task and a simple but sensible extension to an existing model for query embeddings to also handle relation qualifiers. Reviewers wJVm and Bute note that the reification and StarQE models perform similarly. While this is not a negative result, as the authors note, it does raise the question of the relative pros and cons of the two methods. I hope the authors can add a discussion of when one might prefer StarQE over the conceptually simpler reification
generated:A new method for learning the residual dynamics of systems has been proposed in a paper published in the journal InLearning for Dynamics and Control.
original:The authors propose a novel hypersolver framework for solving numerical optimal control problems, learning a low order ODE and a neural network based residual dynamics. They compare their framework with traditional optimal control solvers on a number of control tasks and demonstrate superior performance. The reviewers are in consensus that the paper makes significant contributions that are validated by the experimental results. The only concern was that the experiments are largely on low dimensional systems, but the reviewers agreed that the results are still worthy of acceptance.
generated:The authors have submitted a paper at ICLR on how to train deep neural networks (GANs) with self-attention.
original:This paper adapts the idea of progressive growing of GANs to time series synthesis. The reviewers thought that the idea was well motivated. DRP7 initially expressed concern w. r. t. novelty. They were also concerned with the lack of certain baselines. The authors responded, highlighting its contributions w. r. t. Evaluation (Context-FID score) and extensiveness of the evaluation. The authors also added missing references but pushed back on the additional baselines. DRP7 raised their score. Reviewer pbaT was also positive about the work though had some questions and suggestions for improving clarity. They had initially given a low score for “correctness
generated:The paper presents a novel approach to modulate communication between agents, using the ToM net to do so.
original:The current paper presents a new method for communication and cooperation in multi-agent settings. Specifically, the authors propose to model other agents' intentions and internal states using ToM nets and using these predictions to then decide how to communicate/coordinate. The authors present experiments in two multi-agent cooperation tasks (multi-sensor multi-target coverage and cooperative navigation), compare against 4 previous methods (TarMAC, I2C, MAPPO and HiT-MAC) and perform the necessary ablations studies and find that their method achieve better rewards in both environments. All reviewers have found the present study to be novel with convincing experimental findings. Reviewers have raised some concerns however a great deal
generated:The authors of this paper show how distillation can improve the performance of convolutional neural networks.
original:The authors made substantial improvements to the originally submitted manuscript; however, reviewers initially remained reluctant to support the paper for acceptance based on the degree to which they were confident in the underlying arguments / position taken by the authors and the evidence provided to support their position and arguments. There are also concerns about the significance of the gains in performance afforded by the proposed approach. During the author response period two reviewers became satisfied with the additions and modifications leading to an increase in the final score. It will be critical for the authors to try to add ImageNet results if possible in addition to other promises made to reviewers. The AC recommends accepting this paper.
generated:The authors of the paper, Kondratyuk, Dan, et al, have shown that dynamic weight calibration can significantly improve the performance of convolutional networks for video recognition.
original:The authors study the problem of video classification and propose a new module which promises to increase accuracy while keeping the computational overhead low. The main idea is not to share the spatial convolution weights over different time steps, but allow some modulation based on pooled local and global frame descriptors. The resulting module can be used as a drop-in replacement for spatial convolutions in existing models and yields competitive performance on multiple video action recognition and localisation benchmarks. The reviewers appreciated this challenging setting and the simplicity of the main idea. They found that the paper was clearly written, well organised, and easy to follow. The reviewers raised some issues in connections with related work and the empirical evaluation which were successfully resolved
generated:An interesting paper has been published in the Journal of Neural Networks, in which the authors propose a method for tuning the performance of a system in a Mujoco test environment.
original:The paper tackles the problem of generalizing to a new environment by learning a small set up anchor policies (even just 2 for the final approach) which span a sub-space that can be searched efficiently in a new environment. The discussion and additional experiments managed to convince most reviewers that the method indeed works as the authors had hypothesized (especially regarding functional diversity). At the moment the analysis is mainly based on empirical observations, it would be good to also have a thorough theoretical analysis of the method.
generated:A new paper has been published in the arXiv that aims to improve the accuracy of federated learning.
original:This paper considers the problem of on-device training for federated learning. This is an important problem since, in real-world settings, the clients have limited compute and memory, and local training needs to be efficient. The paper shows that the standard sparsity based speed-up techniques that consider top-K weights/activations during forward and/or backward pass do not work well in the federated setting and proposes several solutions to mitigate this issue. The proposed solutions are demonstrated to work well on several datasets. In their initial assessment, given that this is largely an empirical insights driven paper, the reviewers mainly expressed concerns about the experimental evaluation (e. g., only one dataset CIF
generated:A general purpose deep learning network (GMC) is a mixture of Gaussian convolution and ReLU convolution layers.
original:This paper presents a deep learning method that aims to address the curse-of-dimensionality problem of conventional convolutional neural networks (CNNs) by representing data and kernels with unconstrained ‘mixtures’ of Gaussians and exploiting the analytical form of the convolution of multidimensional Gaussian mixtures. Since the number of mixture components rapidly increases from layer to layer (after convolution) and common activation functions such as ReLU do not preserve the Gaussian Mixtures (GM), the paper proposes a fitting stage that fits a GM to the output of the transfer function and uses a heuristic to reduce the number of mixture components. Experiments are presented on
generated:A paper has been published in the journal Computational Statistics.
original:This paper provide an explanation why contrastive learning methods like SimSiam avoid collapse without negative samples. As the authors claimed, this is indeed a timely work for understanding the recent success in self-supervised learning (SSL). The key idea in this submission is to decomposes the gradient into a center vector and residual vector which respectively correspond to de-centering and de-correlation. Such an explanation is interesting and novel. The empirical results are solid and convincing. During the rebuttal stage, the concerns from the reviewers are well resolved, and the writing of the new version is significantly better than the original one.
generated:This paper presents an interesting and novel modification to a vanilla Transformer that introduces concepts, which are then attended to via cross-attention against queries.
original:This paper proposes a generalization of the standard Transformer attention mechanism in which keys and queries represent abstract concepts (which must be specified a priori). This in turn yields "concept embeddings" (and logits) as intermediate network outputs, providing a sort of interpretability. Reviewers agreed that this is a simple (in a good way) and interesting approach, and may lead to follow-up work that builds on this architecture. Some concerns regarding the relation of this method to prior work—in particular the "Concept Bottleneck" model—were raised and addressed in discussion; the authors might incorporate additional discussion in future drafts of the work.
generated:A new method for predicting unseen relations in graphs has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Neural Networks.
original:The paper presents an approach to predict relations between node pairs in heterogeneous graphs, with application to recommendation and knowledge-base completion. The author's approach is to compute similarities between subgraphs that are neighborhoods of nodes where the relation holds or not to score a relation. The authors use graph neural networks to scores these subgraphs. The type of subgraphs that are considered are pairs of nodes, 3- and 4- cyles to make inference and training tractable. The paper lies in the stream of work that combines logical reasoning and neural network, even though in that particular instance it mostly combines graph mining techniques and neural networks. The reviewers unanimously liked the presentation of the paper and
generated:The authors of this paper present a novel method for learning in CMDPs, using the Hierarchical Dirichlet Process (HDP) to model the agent’s environment.
original:The paper proposes a Bayesian approach to learning in contextual MDPs where the contexts can dynamically vary during the episode. The authors did well in their rebuttal and alleviated most of the reviewers' concerns. During the discussion there was an agreement that the paper should be accepted. Please take all reviewer comments into account when preparing the final version.
generated:A paper on Oversampling for Imbalanced Data via Optimal Transport (OTLM) has been published at the 2019 AAAI.
original:All reviewers agreed that the idea proposed by the paper is interesting and is well-motivated for handling long-tailed recognition problems. As suggested by the reviewers, it seems important that the limitations the paper be addressed in the final version of the paper.
generated:A few questions for the author of the paper:.
original:This paper suggests using a conditional prior in conditional diffusion-based generative models. Typically, only the score function estimator is provided with the conditioning signal, and the prior is an unconditional standard Gaussian distribution. It is shown that making the prior conditional improves results on speech generation tasks. Several reviewers initially recommended rejection, but after extensive discussion and interaction with the authors, all reviewers have given this work a "borderline accept" rating. Criticisms included that the idea is too simple or obvious to warrant an ICLR paper. I am inclined to disagree: simple ideas that work are often the ones that persist and see rapid adoption (dropout regularisation is my favourite example). Like
generated:The authors of this paper present an approach to tackle an important problem in the field of natural language generation (NLG).
original:This paper presents a method for target side data augmentation for sequence to sequence models. The authors of the paper use a relatively straightforward method to generate pseudo tokens that are used for enhanced training. The authors present results on dialog generation, MT and summarization where automatic metrics show improvements. For really robust results, I would have preferred to see more human evaluations since BLEU and ROUGE are metrics that the NLP community is moving away from. Overall, the majority of the reviewers are happy with the paper and there is significant back and forth between the reviewers and authors that have improved the paper; I think the authors went to significant lengths to allay all concerns from the reviewers and the
generated:A proposed method to take the best from 3D convolution and vision transformer has been published in the MHRA.
original:The paper presents an approach for spatio-temporal representation learning using Transformers. It introduces a particular architecture design, which shows an impressive computational efficiency. The reviewers agree that the experimental results are strong, and unanimously recommend the paper for acceptance. The reviewers find their concerns regarding the details of the approach/setting address after the authors' response. We recommend accepting the paper.
generated:This is an interesting paper that presents a new and interesting problem.
original:All three reviewers suggest acceptance of the paper. The authors study an interesting problem (understanding non-stationary and reactionary policies) and propose a solution to the problem which compares favorably to baselines in experiments. However, some of the reviewers also criticize unclarities in the presentation of the paper and the made assumptions. The authors clarified those points quite well in their rebuttal. Further concerns regarded design decisions and the comparison to failure cases of baselines. The authors addressed those in their rebuttal and promised to include corresponding material in their updated paper. Hence I am suggesting acceptance of the paper. Nevertheless, I would like to urge the authors to carefuly revise their problem presentation in
generated:An interesting paper has been published at the ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining.
original:The paper considers matrix and tensor factorization, and provides a bound on the excess risk which is an improved bound over the bounds for ordinary matrix factorization. The authors also show how to solve the model with standard gradient-based optimization algorithms, and present results showing good accuracy. The method can be a bit slow but this depends a bit on the number of iterations, and in general it achieves better accuracy in a similar amount of time to other baseline algorithms. The reviewers raised a few points, such as jdoi noting the tensor experiments were for small tensors and should include the method Costco as well; other reviewers mentioned more methods as well. The authors seemed to address most of these
generated:The manuscript is of high quality and should be accepted for publication.
original:This paper proposes a novel method for training neural rough differential equations, a recent model for processing very long time-series data. The method involves a lower-dimensional embedding of the log-signature, which is obtained via pretrained autoencoder to reduce overhead. The results show significant and consistent improvements over previous methods on long time-series data. Overall, the reviewers and I all agree that this paper offers a novel and impactful contribution leading to significant improvements over previous state-of-the-art methods for training neural rough differential equations. I recommend acceptance.
generated:A recent paper by Flokas and colleagues presents a new method for solving hidden convex-concave games (HCCs).
original:The paper studies the convergence of a generalized gradient descent ascent (GDA) flow in certain classes of nonconvex-nonconcave min-max setups. While the nonconvex-nonconcave setups are computationally intractable and GDA is known to converge even in some convex-concave setups, the paper argues that (generalized) GDA can converge on what is dubbed "Hidden Convex-Concave Games" in the paper and argued that it contains GANs as a special case. The reviewers all found the paper interesting and a worthy contribution to the literature on nonconvex-nonconcave zero
generated:My questions for the authors of NeuraLCB are as follows:.
original:This paper studies off-policy learning of contextual bandits with neural network generalization. The proposed algorithm NeuraLCB acts based on pessimistic estimates of the rewards obtained through lower confidence bounds. NeuraLCB is both analyzed and empirically evaluated. This paper received four borderline reviews, which improved during the rebuttal phase. The main strengths of this paper are that it is well executed and that the result is timely, considering the recent advances in pessimism for offline RL. The weakness is that the result is not very technically novel, essentially a direct combination of pessimism with neural networks. This paper was discussed and all reviewers agreed that the strengths of this paper outweigh its weaknesses. I agree and
generated:The overall idea of iterative hierarchical heatmap refinement is interesting, although there is definitely room for further strengthening.
original:This paper proposes a joint multi-agent trajectory prediction framework for multiple agents using a "heatmap" estimation approach employing a hierarchical strategy and sparse image generation for for efficient inference. The method takes a set of predicted trajectories for each agent produces reorderings. The work yields a top result on a competitive leaderboard. While multiple reviewers were initially concerned about the paper not making a single major contribution, the author response discussion helped to clear up the degree of novelty. Further experiments provided during the review also led to multiple reviewers increasing their score. In the end, all reviewers recommend acceptance of this paper. As such the AC recommends accepting this paper.
generated:A review paper in Trends in Cognitive Sciences by Hadsell et al.
original:This review paper presents a way of comparative assessment of continual learning. Reviewers all agreed that this work is interesting, unique with comprehensive coverage of the CL space. The proposed categorization, CLEVA-Compass, and its GUI have great potential to facilitate future CL work.
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a neural variant of MSSO to solve the optimization problem of the portfolio problem.
original:This paper applies deep learning to a problem from OR, namely multistage stochastic optimization (MSSO). The main contribution is a method for learning a neural mapping from MSSO problem instances to value functions, which can be used to warm-start the SDDP solver, a state-of-the-art method for solving MSSO. The method is tested on two typical OR problems, inventory control and portfolio management. The reviewers think that the idea is interesting, the empirical results are impressive, and the paper is well-written. However, there are reservations on its relevance to the ICLR community.
generated:DemoDICE is a novel way to train a neural network that learns from expert or near-expert demonstrations.
original:The paper presents a method for learning sequential decision making policies from a mix of demonstrations of varying quality. The reviewers agree, and I concur, that the method is relevant to the ICLR community. It is non-trivial, the empirical evaluations and theoretical analysis are rigorous, resulting in a novel method that produces near optimal policies from more readily available demonstrations. The authors revised the manuscript to reflect the reviewers' comments.
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) have proposed a novel method for generating novel drug molecules.
original:Most reviewers were positive about the paper, seeing that the proposed method is practical and has convincing experimental performances. One reviewer was a bit negative and raised questions about clarity. After the authors responded, the negative reviewer didn't respond further. After reviewing all the comments, the AC feels that there is enough support from reviewers to accept this paper.
generated:An active learning method that reduces the expected risk of the target domain has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Machine Learning.
original:This paper deals with the important topic of active transfer learning. All reviewers agree that while the paper presents some shortcomings, it is considered to be a worth contribution.
generated:A paper has been published on the arxiv by Ren and Huszár, in which they show that Invariant Risk Minimization, also known as IDGM, outperforms ERM by a large margin.
original:This paper proposes a new method for domain generalization. The main idea is to encourage higher inner-product between gradients from different domains. Instead of adding an explicit regularizer to encourage this, authors propose an optimization algorithm called Fish which implicitly encourages higher inner-product between gradients of different domains. Authors further show their proposed method is competitive on challenging benchmarks such as WILDS and DomainBed. Reviewers all found the proposed algorithm novel and expressed that the contributions of the paper in terms of improving domain generalization is significant. A major issue that came up during the discussion period was that we realized that the presented results on WILDS benchmark are misleading. In particular, the following statements
generated:A new approach to detecting open world objects (ORE) has been proposed by Joseph et al, CVPR 2021.
original:This paper presents work on open-world object detection. The main idea is to use fixed per-category semantic anchors. These can be incrementally added to when new data appear. The reviewers engaged in significant discussion around the paper with many iterations of improvements to the paper. Initial concerns regarding zero-shot learning were addressed, as were remarks on presentation and claims. In the end the reviewers were split on this paper. I recommend to accept the paper on the basis of the semantic topology ideas and the thorough experimental results. The remaining concern centered around the evaluation protocol used in the paper, which follows that in the literature (e. g. Joseph et al. CVPR 21). While this
generated:Annie Xie, James Harrison, Chelsea Finn, and Ty Strengthening have proposed a method for training deep nets that can track the changing dynamics of a robot.
original:The paper addresses a few very important points on sequential latent-variable models, and introduce a different view on meta-RL. Even though the methods that this paper poses are incremental, it is such a hot-debated topic that I would prefer to see this published now.
generated:An article by Christofides and colleagues has been accepted for publication by the ACM.
original:In this paper, a novel machine learning-based method for solving TSP is presented; this method uses guided local search in conjunction with a graph neural network, which is trained to predict regret. Reviewers disagree rather sharply on the merits of the paper. Three reviewers think that the paper is novel, interesting, and has good empirical results. Two reviewers think that the fact the results are not competitive with the best non-learning-based ("classic") solvers mean that the paper should be rejected. This area chair believes that research is fundamentally not about beating benchmarks, but about new, interesting, and sound ideas. The conceptual novelty of this method, together with the good results compared with other
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) have published a paper in the journal Neural Networks that addresses the problem of fitting a neural network to a noisy sinusoid.
original:The paper examines the approach of modeling aleatoric uncertainty by fitting a neural network, that estimates mean and variances of a heteorscedasitic Gaussian distribution, based on log likelihood maximization. The authors identify the problem that gradient based training on the netgative log likelihood (NLL) may result in suboptimal solutions where a high predicted variance compensates for the predicted mean being far from the true mean. To solve this problem, the authors suggest to adjust the log likelihood objective by weighting the log likelihood of each single data point by the corresponding beta-exponentiated variance estimate. This adjusted objective is referred to as beta-NLL. All reviewers agreed
generated:The authors of this paper have shown that a self-supervised deep learning model (DDPM) outperforms a supervised one (DatasetDDPM).
original:The paper proposes using the intermediate representation learned in a denoising diffusion model for the label-efficient semantic segmentation task. The reviewers are generally positive with the submission. They like the simplicity of the proposed algorithm. They also like the effort of the paper in verifying the intermediate representation learned by a diffusion model is semantically meaningful and can be used for segmentation. Initially, there was some concern about the size of the validation set, which is addressed by the rebuttal. Consolidating the reviews and rebuttals, the meta-reviewer agrees with the assessment of the reviewers and would like to recommend acceptance of the paper.
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a new way to reduce the number of parameters in a neural network.
original:The paper studies the problem of task-specific model compression obtained from fine-tuning large pre-trained language models. The work follows the line of research in which model size is reduced by decomposing the matrices in the model into smaller factors. Two-step approaches apply SVD and then fine-tuned the model on task specific data. The present work makes the observation that after the first step (the SVD compression) the model can dramatically lose its performance, due to the mismatched optimization objectives between the low-rank approximation and the target task. The work provides evidence backing this claim. The paper proposes to address this problem by weighting the importance of parameters for the factor
generated:This is an interesting and novel approach to solving multi-objective optimization problems (MOCO).
original:This paper develops a ``preference-conditioned” approach to approximate the Pareto frontier for Multi-Objective Combinatorial Optimization (MOCO) problems with a single model (thus dealing with the thorny problem that there can be exponentially-many Pareto-optimal solutions). It appears to provide flexibility for users to obtain various preferred tradeoffs between the objectives without extra search. The basic idea is to use end-to-end RL to train the single model for all different preferences simultaneously. The technical soundness and practical performance are strong. This work's approximation guarantee depends on the ability to approximately solve several (weighted) single-objective problems
generated:ProtoCPC is a novel method that combines the prototypical method of contrastive learning with the Sinkhorn-Knopp method.
original:This paper proposes a prototypical contrastive predictive coding by combining the prototypical method and contrastive learning, and presents its efficient implementation for three distillation tasks: supervised model compression, self-supervised model compression, and self-supervised learning via self-distillation. The paper is well-written, and the effectiveness of the proposed method is validated through extensive experiments. Reviewers generally agree the paper has clear merits despite some weaknesses for improvement. Overall, I would like to recommend it for acceptance and encourage authors to incorporate all the review comments and suggestions in the final version.
generated:Researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have proposed an adversarial adversarial learning method (ADA) based on a causal graph.
original:The paper shows a causal perspective to the adversarial robustness problem. Based on a causal graph of the adversarial data creation process, which describes the perceived data as a function of content and style variables, the authors identified that the spurious correlation between style and label is the main reason for adversarial examples. Based on this observation, they propose a method to learn models for which the conditional distribution of label given style and image does not vary much when attacked. Experiments on MNIST, CIFAR-10, and CIFAR-100 datasets show that the proposed method is better than two baselines, Madry and TRADES. Overall, the paper contains interesting ideas and tackles
generated:Researchers at the University of California, Irvine (UCI) have published a paper on the robustness of PCA.
original:This paper considers the problem of distributionally robust fair PCA for binary sensitive variables. The main modeling contribution of the paper is the consideration of fairness and robustness of the PCA simultaneously, and the main technical contribution of the paper is the provision of a Riemannian subgradient descent algorithm for this problem and proof that it reaches local optima of this non-convex optimization problem. The results will be of interest to those working at the intersection of fair and robust learning.
generated:The authors of this paper have discovered a vulnerability in deep graph models that can be exploited by an attacker to change the structure of the graph.
original:The reviewers agree that this paper studies an important problem, provides theoretically analysis to understand graph injection attack. The authors propose a new regularizer to improve the attack success. Extensive experimental results also show the effectiveness of the proposed method.
generated:The proposed framework for learning the “architect” from the Builder has a couple of key weaknesses that I would like to see addressed.
original:This paper proposes a cognitive science-inspired interaction setting between two agents, an "architect" and "builder", in which the architect must produce messages to guide the builder to achieve a task. Unlike other related settings (such as typical approaches in MARL, HRL, or HRI), the builder does not have access to the architect's reward function, and must learn to interpret the architect's messages by assuming the architect is telling it to do something sensible. At the same time, the architect determines what is "sensible" by building a model of the builder's behavior and planning over it. This setting is common particularly in human-agent interactions, where humans may not be able
generated:A review of Zarka and Ulicny, 2019.
original:This paper proposes that the superior performance of modern convolutional networks is partly due to a phase collapse mechanism that eliminates spatial variability while ensuring linear class separation. To support their hypothesis, authors introduce a complex-valued convolutional network (called Learned Scattering network) which includes a phase collapse on the output of its wavelet filters and show that such network has comparable performance to ResNets but its performance degrades if the phase collapse is replaced by a threshold operator. Reviewers are all in agreement about the novelty and significance of the work. They also find the empirical results compelling. The main weakness of this work which was highlighted by all reviewers is clarity. The paper can be significantly improved
generated:The proposed method is a novel one that aims to learn the representation of perturbed data with the teacher-student framework.
original:This paper proposed a self-supervised speech pre-training approach, by the name of SPIRAL, to learning perturbation-invariant representations in a teacher-student setting. The authors introduced a variety of techniques to improve the performance and stabilize the training. Compared to the popular unsupervised learning model wav2vec 2.0, better WERs were reported using SPIRAL with a reduced training cost. All reviewers considered the work solid with sufficient novelty but also raised concerns regarding the generalization under unseen real-world noisy conditions and missing decoding details. The authors responded with new Chime-3 results and updated LM decoding results. The new results show that
generated:The proposed method is similar to the one proposed by Hu et al, but the experimental results in most cases show no statistically significant difference.
original:To solve imbalance classification problem, this paper proposes a method to learn example weights together with the parameters of a neural network. The authors proposed a novel mechanism of learning with a constraint, which allows accurate training of the weights and model at the same time. Then they combined this new learning mechanism and the method by Hu et al. (2019), and demonstrated its usefulness in extensive experiments. I would like to thank the authors for their detailed feedback to the initial reviews, which clarified most of the unclear points in the manuscript. Overall the paper is well written and the effectiveness was demonstrated in experiments. Since the contribution is valuable to ICLR2022, I suggest its acceptance.
generated:Researchers at the University of Central Florida (UCF) in Florida, USA, have proposed an INR-based model for video generation.
original:This work tackles video generation using implicit representations, and demonstrates that using these representations enables improvements to long-term coherence of the generated videos. Reviewers praised the writing, the thorough experimental evaluation, and the strong quantitative results. Some concerns were raised about a lack of discussion of relevant related work, novelty/significance, model architecture, and a lack of qualitative examples, many of which the authors have tried to address during the discussion phase. Several reviewers raised their ratings as a result. Personally I certainly believe that exploring implicit representations for video is important, and I know of no published prior work in this direction, which amplifies the potential significance of this work. Even if results are qual
generated:A review of the paper on HACO, a method that uses human experts to train driverless cars.
original:The paper presents a new algorithm for augmenting RL training with human examples, and this is applied to learning safe driving policies. This algorithm is properly tested and compared to other relevant algorithms with favorable results. Reviewers agree that this is good work and that it should be published. Reviewers had multiple questions, which were in my opinion answered satisfactorily by the authors. Notably, the authors ran additional tests against other human-in-the-loop RL algorithms with good results. In sum, this seems to be a solid paper, worth accepting.
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published a paper on how to improve massively multilingual machine translation models.
original:This paper proposes X-Mixup, a model that considers the source languages and target languages together for cross-lingual transfer. The designed model takes a pair of sentences (or the translated sentences) in a source language and a target language as the input and computes the cross-attention between them. The empirical results are convincing. Reviewers think this paper is well-written and the idea is interesting.
generated:The paper is well-written with a novel approach that optimises for diversity in addition to fitness.
original:This paper introduces a novel quality-diversity algorithm, "Evolutionary Diversity Optimization with Clustering-based Selection (EDO-CS)", and applies it to reinforcement learning. A bandit approach (UCB) is used to select which cluster to sample parents from. The QD algorithm can be evaluated on its own, outside of the RL context, and if so it should be compared to the several approaches to niching and other standard diversity preservation approaches in evolutionary computation that rely on clustering. (And the authors should make an effort to connect to the niching literature in particular.) However, the use of the algorithm for RL makes it possible to use behavioral
generated:A new method for disambiguating images using curvature has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:All reviewers recommended accept after discussion. I am happy to accept this paper.
generated:A new paper has been published in the journal Computational Statistics, which addresses the question of the feasibility of offline RL algorithms, under linear MDP assumptions.
original:In this paper, the authors motivate the paper well by the gap between the upper bound of the popular offline RL algorithm and the lower bound of the offline RL. By exploiting the special linear structure, the authors designed a variance-aware pessimistic value iteration, in which the variance estimation is used for reweighting the Bellman loss. Finally, the upper bound of the proposed algorithm in terms of the algorithm quantity is proposed, which is more refined to reflexing the problem-dependency. These results are interesting to the offline RL theoretical community. As the reviewers suggested, several improvements can be made to further refinement, e. g., - The intuition about the self-normalization in the algorithm
generated:Researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published a paper on how to compress large pre-trained language models (PLMs).
original:This paper reviews a number of parameter decomposition methods for BERT style contextual embedding models. The authors argue for the application of Tucker decomposition to the attention and feedforward layers of such models. Evaluation is performed for a range of models on the GLUE benchmark. Further ablation studies indicate that the distillation procedure employed is crucial for obtaining competitive results and the raw decomposition approaches are ineffective at directly approximating the original pre-trained model. Strengths: The reviewers generally agree that the methods explored and results presented in this paper are interesting and could be of use to those deploying large embedding models. The authors review a range of possible decomposition methods and use this to motivate
generated:The authors of a paper published in the Journal of Neural Networks have proposed a new regularization method called CLOP that can be used to generalize to unseen environments.
original:This paper presents a novel regularization technique for CNNs based on swapping feature vectors in the final layer. It is demonstrated that this simple technique helps with generalization in supervised learning and RL with image inputs. Following the author rebuttal, all reviewers agreed that the simplicity of this method and the nice empirical performance it obtains is important to report to the community. In this respect, I agree with the reviewers, and recommend acceptance. One important issue that came up during the discussion is how much this work is related to RL, and the authors SL experiments helped to put the contribution in a broader context. Indeed, one way to see the results of this work is that if such performance improvement is
generated:The current version of the paper is being considered for publication in the Journal of Machine Learning.
original:the aim of this work is to produce an open-vocabulary detector. The approach is via knowledge distillation from existing large-scale V+L models, and the evaluation is based on novel classes with LVIS. The reviewers were generally happy with the work (approach and results), but there were substantial points of clarification during discussion that need to be properly integrated into the final manuscript.
generated:This paper presents an interesting proposal for an offline meta-RL algorithm, and presents promising experimental results.
original:**Summary** This paper proposes a novel offline model-based meta-RL approach called MerPO. MerPO combines conservative value iteration with proximal RL policy iteration. The proposed method is novel despite having some similarities to approaches like COMBO. The paper compares against it in the experiments. The paper provides both empirical and theoretical justification for the proposed approach. **Final Thoughts** Overall, I think the authors did a pretty good job at addressing the reviewers' concerns. Overall, I think this is an interesting contribution to the ICLR community. The reviewers were all positive about this paper. For the camera-ready version of the paper, I would recommend the authors to go over the reviewers'
generated:The authors of this paper have proposed a novel way of expressing Gaussian functions (GPs) using non-negative numbers (NNGPs).
original:This paper presents a new formulation for the infinitely wide limiting case of deep networks as Gaussian processes, i. e. NNGPs. The authors extend the existing case to incorporate a scale term at the penultimate layer of the network, which results in a scale mixture of NNGPs or a Student-t process in a specific case. This formulation allows for a more heavy tailed output distribution which e. g. can be more robust to outliers. The four reviews averaged just above borderline, with a 5, 8, 6, 6. The reviewers found the approach to be sensible, technically correct and timely given the recent literature. They found the experiments to be compelling for the
generated:The authors of a new paper on convolutional neural networks (CNTKs) have made some interesting contributions to the literature, but there are some areas where they could have done more.
original:This paper focuses on understanding how the angle between two inputs change as they are propagated in a randomly-initialized convolutional neural network layers. They demonstrate very different behavior in different settings and provide rigorous measure concentration results. The reviewers thought the paper is well written and easy to read with nice theoretical results. They did raise a variety of technical concerns that were mostly addressed by the authors rebuttal. My own reading of the paper is that this is a nice contribution. I therefore agree with the reviewers and recommend acceptance.
generated:A review of the paper ColBERT: Open-ended knowledge-grounded generation.
original:The authors study the problem of open-ended knowledge-grounded natural language generation, in the context of free-form QA or knowledge-grounded dialogue, focusing on improving the retrieval component of the retrieval-augmented system. By retrieving more relevant passages, the generations are more grounded in retrieved passages. Pros: + The paper is clearly written and motivated. + Presents a straightforward approach that shows improvement over a strong baseline. + A strong paper focuses on a rather under-explored problem of knowledge-grounded open-ended generation, proposing novel objective, significant empirical improvements on two datasets in multiple metrics. + The authors included human evolution results to support their findings. + The
generated:A paper has been published in the journal Neuron that describes a way to predict and localize seizures using EEG data.
original:This work tackles an important clinical application. It is experimentally solid and investigates novel deep learning methodologies in a convincing way. For these reasons, this work is endorsed for publication at ICLR 2022.
generated:A new method for parallelising large scale DNNs has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:The paper proposes a new pipeline-parallel training method called WPipe. WPipe works (on a very high level) by replacing the two-buffer structure of PipeDream-2BW with a two-partition-group structure, allowing resources to be shared in a similar way to PipeDream-2BW but with less memory use and less delays in weight update propagation across stages. The 1.4x speedup it achieves over PipeDream-2BW is impressive. In discussion, the reviewers agreed that the problem WPipe tries to tackle is important and that the approach is novel and interesting. But there was significant disagreement among the reviewers as to score. A reviewer expressed concern about
generated:The paper is interesting, but I have some questions about the presentation and its significance.
original:The provides a complexity theoretic look at GANs. The exposition is multi-disciplinary, and in my personal opinion, it is an interesting look at the GANs in the context of random number generators.
generated:The authors of VEM, a value-based offline RL method for antmaze, have published a manuscript in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:Most of the reviewers think this paper is clearly a valuable addition to ICLR based on the convincing theoretical analysis and extensive experimental results. Please refer to reviewers's review for more detailed discussions of the pros and cons of the paper.
generated:A look at some of the key points in the paper:.
original:This paper received 5 quality reviews, with 3 of them rated 8, 1 rated 6, and 1 rated 5. In general, while there are minor concerns, the reviewers acknowledge the contribution of applying Knowledge distillation to the problem of monocular 3D object detection, and appreciate the SOTA performance on the KITTI validation and test sets. The AC concurs with these important contributions and recommends acceptance.
generated:A review of the paper at NeurIPS 2019: "Exact: Lossy Activation Compression with Guaranteed Convergence".
original:There are numerous known methods for memory reduction used in CNNs. This paper takes two such---quantization (Q) and random projection (RP)---and applies them to GNNs. This is a novelty, but I agree with the reviewers: on its own this novelty would not be "surprising" enough to report at ICLR. The paper further goes to show empirically that these methods, when applied to a reasonable set of datasets, do indeed produce their predicted memory reductions (unsurprising) with a small ( ≈0.5% ) drop in accuracy (surprising, in the sense of not being something one could predict without doing the experiment). All
generated:Here are some questions you might want to ask about this paper:.
original:The authors first consider a mean field two player zero sum game and consider quasistatic Wasserstein gradient flow dynamics for solving the problem. The dynamics is proved to be convergent under some assumptions. Finally, the authors provide a discretization of the gradient flow and using this proposes an algorithm for solving min-max optimization problems. They use this algorithm for GAN's as the main example. Experimental results claim that the algorithm outperforms langevin gradient descent especially in high dimensionas. This paper sits right at the border. But subsequent to the author response, one of the reviewers has updated the score and seems more positive about the paper. In view of this, I am
generated:The authors of the paper LCTC(j) solve the problem of how to train a convolutional neural network (CTC) in the presence of partial transcripts.
original:This paper proposes an extension of CTC by considering the wild-card to adjust the label missing issues during training. The authors propose to minimize the loss over all possible sub-segments of the input to automatically align the one that matches the available transcript. It is empirically proved to significantly improve performance over CTC even if up to 40-70% label sequence is missed (overall performance similar to the complete label case) across different tasks. As agreed by the reviewers, the paper is well presented and the problem is interesting to a broad community. Dynamic time warping with unconstrained endpoints itself is not a new idea and a classical topic for speech recognition (e. g
generated:I have recently written to the authors of a paper on a UCB-style algorithm, in which the algorithm exploits a system of Bandits with Delayed Feedback.
original:This paper tackles a bandit problem that incorporates three challenges motivated by common issues encountered in online recommender systems: delayed reward, incentivized exploration, and self-reinforcing user preference. The authors propose an approach called UCB-Filtering-with-Delayed-Feedback (UCB-FDF) for this problem and provide a theoretical analysis showing that UCB-FDF achieves the optimal regret bounds. Their analysis also implies that logarithmic regret and incentive cost growth rates are achievable under this setting. These theoretical results are supported by empirical experiments, e. g. using Amazon review data. The main concern with this paper is that the considered challenges have all been
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, has proposed a way to automatically learn data-dependent augmentation policies.
original:Reviewers agreed that this work is well-motivated and presents a novel approach for data augmentation around the adaptive augmentation policies. There were some concerns around the lack of ablation studies and unclear performance improvements, which were addressed well by the authors’ responses. Thus, I recommend an acceptance.
generated:A team of researchers at the University of Bristol have developed a method to train STEGO on a large set of images.
original:The paper received two accept and two marginally accept recommendations. All reviewers find value in the proposed supervised semantic segmentation methodology (making self-supervised representation learning towards dense prediction tasks like segmentation or clustering without explicit manual supervision) and appreciate the experimental gains, but had (mostly practical) criticism that was reasonably well addressed in the rebuttal.
generated:The authors of this paper have proposed a general framework for explaining similarity models: Bryan A. Plummer, Mariya I. Vasileva.
original:The initial reviews for this paper were 6,6,6, the authors have provided a rebuttal and after the rebuttal the recommendation stayed the same. The reviewers have reached the consensus that the paper is borderline but they have all recommended keeping it above the acceptance threshold. Following the recommendation of the reviewers, the meta reviewer recommends acceptance.
generated:A review of this paper, which proposes a novel method for multi-target domain adaptation, has been published on the ICLR website.
original:This paper proposes to leverage topological structure between domains, expressed as a graph, towards solving the domain adaptation problem. Reviewer n4Lk thought the ideas were interesting, appreciated the theoretical analysis and indicated that the experiments were “well thought out”. The reviewer asked for more detail on Lemma 4.1 and suggested that a proof be provided for Proposition 4.1. They asked for more justification on why the change of task for the discriminator from classification to generation would improve performance. The authors responded to these comments, clarifying the proof of Lemma 4.1 in the appendix. They clarified that proposition 4.1 can be derived from Corollary 4.
generated:A review of the paper by Zhou and Yu, which proposes a novel way to speed up the pruning of recurrent neural networks.
original:This paper studies structured pruning methods, called kernel-pruning in the paper which is also known as channel pruning for convolutional kernels. A simple method is proposed that primarily consists of three stages: (i) clusters the filters in a convolution layer into predefined number of groups, (ii) prune the unimportant kernels from each group, and (iii) permute remaining kernels to form a grouped convolution operation and then fine-tune the network. Although the novelty of the method is not high, it is simple and effective in experiments after the supplementary sota results in the long rebuttal. Majority of reviewers increase their ratings after the rebuttal (though
generated:My concerns about the paper are as follows:.
original:This paper proposes a new bilinear decomposition for universal value functions. The bilinear network has one component dependent on state and goal and another component that depends on state and action. The experiments with the DDPG algorithm in robot simulations show that the proposed architecture improves performance data efficiency and task transfer over several baseline algorithms, including improvements on earlier bilinear decompositions. The reviews noted several aspects of the paper could be improved, and the author response addressed several of these concerns. Multiple reviewers appreciated the insights from the experiment added in section 4.5 on a simple grid environment, which enabled a direct interpretation of the vector fields used in the method. Several aspects of the presentation
generated:A review of the study, which was published in the Journal of Neural Engineering, is available here.
original:This well written and well motivated paper has been independently reviewed by four expert reviewers. They all voted for the acceptance with three straight accepts and one marginal. The feedback provided to authors was constructive and the authors responded comprehensively. I recommend acceptance of this work for ICLR.
generated:I have just read the paper by the same authors as Dwivedi and Mackey (2021), and I have some concerns about it.
original:The focus of the paper is kernel thinning, i. e. the extraction of a core set from a sample with good integration properties meant in MMD (maximum mean discrepancy, hence worst case) sense. Particularly, the authors propose generalizations of the kernel thinning method (Dwivedi and Mackey, 2021) which relax the assumptions imposed on the kernel (k) and the target distribution (P), and possess tighter performance guarantees. Designing compressed representation of samples for integration is a fundamental problem in machine learning and statistics with a large number of successful applications. As assessed by the reviewers, the authors deliver important new theoretical insights in the area which can be also of clear practical
generated:A review of the CLIP-ResNet/ViT paper at the International Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (ICV 2021).
original:Reviewers are in agreement that this work is a useful, clear, documentary piece of work that shows the utility of CLIP on a number of popular V+L tasks. There is a somewhat persistent concern that simply demonstrating that a stronger visual encoder leads to improvements downstream is not an insightful result on which the community can build.
generated:A review of the paper by Lewkowycz, et al.
original:The paper studies gradient descent for matrix factorization with a learning rate that is large relative to the a certain notion of the scale of the problem. In particular, they show that the use of large learning rates leads to balancing between the two factors in the factorization. The discussion between the authors and the reviewers was fruitful in dispelling some of the reviewers' doubts and at the same time improving the paper. The paper seems to make some contribution on a relevant problem for the ICLR community. However, even in the restricted settings they consider, the problem does not appear to be completely solved. That said, I agree with the majority of the reviewers that the step forward seems enough to warrant
generated:Researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published a paper on the transferability of adversarial machine learning (ASR) systems.
original:This paper explores why adversarial examples do not transfer well in adversarial examples on automatic speech recognition systems. The authors propose a number of potential causes that are then quickly evaluated in turn. This could be an excellent paper, but in its current form, it is borderline. The main problem with the paper is that it proposes a number of causes for the limited transferability, and then evaluates each of them with one quick experiment and just a paragraph of text. In particular, none of the results actually convince me that the claim is definitely correct, and many of the experimental setups are confusing or would have other explanations other than the one variable that is aiming to be controlled for. That said, even
generated:Using stale feature and feature gradients to speed up the training of a graph neural network (GCN) is a novel idea, but I have some concerns on the novelty of the paper.
original:The paper proposes PipeGCN, a system that uses pipeline parallelism to accelerate distributed training of large-scale graph convolutional neural networks. Like some pipeline-parallel methods (but unlike others), PipeGCN involves asynchrony in the sense that its features and feature-gradients can be stale. The paper provides theoretical guarantees on the convergence of PipeGCN in the presence of this staleness, which is a nice contribution in itself. In discussion, the reviewers found the work to be well-executed and sound. All reviewers recommended acceptance, and I concur with this consensus.
generated:The authors of the Neural Bandit Algorithm (NPR) have proposed a new way to train neural networks.
original:This paper studies the design and analysis of contextual bandits algorithms, combining the ideas of neural network models (Zhou et al, 2020 and Zhang et al, 2020) and reward perturbations (Kveton et al, 2019, 2020); this has the computational advantage of avoiding inverting large covariance matrices, as is done in the other neural contextual bandits algorithms. Although the reviewers think that the papers need to do a better job in highlighting differences and extra challenges in the current work compared to prior works, they also acknowledge that this paper is the first that combines the above two ideas. The reviewers also acknowledge that the additional experiments in the rebuttal period help clear the concern the reviewers
generated:A review of the paper on backdoor removal, which was published at the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AI) in 2020.
original:This paper investigates defense against backdoor attacks for models that have already been trained. It proposes, in particular, a min-max formulation for backdoor defense, in which the inner maximum seeks a powerful trigger that leads to a high loss, while the outer minimum seeks to suppress the "adversarial loss", so as to unlearn the injected backdoor behaviors. To solve the minimax, the authors also propose a method, Implicit Backdoor Adversarial Unlearning (I-BAU). In addition, the authors also provide theoretical analysis including the convergence bound and generalization bound. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method. The proposed method is interesting and the implementation is
generated:The paper is published in the arxiv.org under the title Ensembles in Deep RL.
original:This paper concerns ensemble methods in deep reinforcement learning, examining several such methods, and proposes to address an important issue wherein ensemble members converge on a representation of approximately the same function, either by their parameters converging to an identical point or equivalent points that give rise to the same function. The authors propose a set of regularization methods aimed at improving diversity, and benchmark these augmentations on five ensemble methods and a dozen environments. 3 of 4 reviewers generally praised the method's simplicity and generality, and found the experiments convincing. Reviewer a9sA describes it as "clearly written and easy to follow", although others found clarity lacking in parts. There was agreement among these 3 reviewers that
generated:Jiaxuan You, Rex Ying, and Jure Leskovec.
original:This work adds the positional encoding (akin to those in transformers, but adapted) to GNNs. In their reviews, reviewers raised a number of concerns about this work, in particular, lack of novelty, lack of ablations to demonstrate the claims of the paper, lack of comparison to previous work (e. g., position-aware GNNS, Graphormer and GraphiT which would appear very related to this work), lack of motivation (e. g., the introduced positional loss do not actually improve performance), and whether the experimental results were really significant. During the rebuttal, the authors replied to the reviews, to address. the concerns that they could. Of
generated:A review of the paper: ZS-SSL-TL, an algorithm for solving the denoising problem on single MRI images.
original:The paper considers the problem of accelerated magnetic resonance imaging where the goal is to reconstruct an image from undersampled measurements. The paper proposes a zero-shot self-supervised learning approach for accelerated deep learning based magnetic resonance imaging. The approach partitions the measurements from a single scan into two disjoint sets, one set is used for self-supervised learning, and one set is used to perform validation, specifically to select a regularization parameter. The set that is used for self-supervised learning is then again split into two different sets, and a network is trained to predict the frequencies from one set based on the frequencies in the other set. This enables accelerated MRI without any training
generated:A paper by Zhang, et al, "Robust reinforcement learning on state observations with learned optimal adversary" has been accepted for publication at ICLR 2021.
original:The reviewers appreciated the treatment of the topic of certifiable robustness done in this work and although they had a number of concerns, I feel they were adequately addressed by the authors.
generated:The novelty of this paper is that it shows how contrastive learning can be used to train self-supervised visual representations.
original:This paper was borderline, based on the reviews. The paper points out an interesting connection (somewhat known but not in this specific version) and good experimental results. However, numerous reviewers raised concerns that the paper was lacking a comparison to prior work connecting unsupervised learning and meta-learning, most notably, Hsu et al. (2019). After reading the revised version of the paper, the authors address this issue and also all the other reviewer comments. In relation to prior work they clarify that they focus on the contrastive unsupervised case and also do a good job in answering other reviewer concerns relative to novelty and results. I would also like to point out, as reviewers
generated:I found the paper by Preetum Nakkiran, Behnam Neyshabur and Hanie Sedghi hard to follow.
original:The main contribution is a way of analyzing the generalization error of neural nets by breaking it down into bias and variance components, and using separate principles to analyze each of the two components. The submission first proves rigorous generalization bounds for overparameterized linear regression (motivated in a general sense by the NTK); there are settings where this improves upon existing bounds. It extends the case to a matrix recovery model, showing that it's not limited to the linear regime. Finally, experimental results show that the risk decomposition holds empirically for neural nets. The numerical scores would place this paper slightly below the cutoff. The reviewers feel that the paper is well written and have not identified anything
generated:A new way of reconstructing the neighbourhood of nodes in a graph has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Neural Networks.
original:The paper proposes a novel approach to graph representation learning. In particular, a graph auto-encoder is proposed that aims to better capture the topological structure by utilising a neighbourhood reconstruction and a degree reconstruction objective. An optimal-transport based objective is proposed for the neighbourhood reconstruction that optimises the 2-Wasserstein distance between the decoded distribution and an empirical estimate of the neighbourhood distribution. An extensive experimental analysis is performed, highlighting the benefits of the proposed approach on a range of synthetic datasets to capture structure information. The experimental results also highlight its robustness across 9 different real-world graph datasets (ranging from proximity-oriented to structure-oriented datasets). Strengths: -
generated:A new method for calibrating face recognition models, called FairCal, has been published in the journal Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition.
original:All reviewers agree that the presented approach to fair calibration of face verification models is interesting and needed in the field. The method does not require access to sensitive attributes for calibrating, which makes it sustainable. The reviewers are satisfied with the presented experimental studies in most cases. The rebuttal addressed a large majority of additionally raised questions. I believe that the paper will be of interest to the audience attending ICLR and would recommend a presentation of the work as a poster.
generated:I have written to the authors of a paper on cross-lingual transfer at University College London (UCL) and asked for their views on the paper.
original:The paper presents a domain adaptation approach based on the importance weighting for unsupervised cross-lingual learning. The paper first analyzes factors that affect cross-lingual transfer and finds that the cross-lingual transfer performance is strongly correlated with feature representation alignments as well as the distributional shift in class priors between the source and the target. Then the paper designs an approach based on the observations. Pros: + The paper is well written and the proposed approach is well motivated. + The analysis about which factors affect cross-lingual transfer is interesting and provides some great insight. Cons: - As the reviewer pointed out, the experiments for verifying the proposed approach are relatively weak
generated:A new method for inferring physical properties from videos has been proposed by Yi et al.
original:This paper proposes a new dataset called ComPhy to evaluate the ability of models to infer physical properties of objects and to reason about their interactions given these physical properties. The paper also presents an oracle model (named oracle because it requires gold property labels at training time) that is modular and carefully hand designed, but shows considerable improvement over a series of baselines. The reviewers for this submission had several concerns including: (a) [VByS] "concerns are about the complexity that the proposed method can handle"\ (b) [VByS] "the method is only demonstrated on a simple synthetic dataset"\ (c) [8BUA] "
generated:The paper is well written and organized, but there are some areas where it could have been improved.
original:To tackle the problem of classification under input-dependent noise, the authors proposed the posterior transition matrix (PTM) to achieve statistically consistent classification. Specifically the information fusion approach was developed to fine-tune the noise transition matrix. Experiments demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed approach. I would like to thank the authors for the detailed feedback to the initial reviews and also further feedback to the reviewers' additional questions. Many concerns were clarified by the feedback, and the additional experiments still demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. The issue of data augmentation still remains, which should be at least experimentally investigated, but the contribution of the current manuscript is still valuable to be presented as ICLR
generated:A study on the search space used in the cell-based Supernet has been published in the Journal of Neural Networks.
original:This paper makes the important, albeit somewhat unsurprising, finding, that cell-based NAS search spaces, and in particular the DARTS search space, include some operations that are much better than others. Reducing the search space to these allows even random architectures to yield good performance, similarly to the findings of "Designing Network Design Spaces", https://openaccess. thecvf. com/content_CVPR_2020/html/Radosavovic_Designing_Network_Design_Spaces_CVPR_2020_paper. html This paper received mostly positive scores (5,6,6,8). While I agree with the negative reviewer that it would be good
generated:The authors of this paper have shown that a 50-layer deep network with ReLU-family activation can nearly match the performance of its ResNet counterpart when trained on Imagenet.
original:This paper seeks to find an answer to some quite interesting research question: can deep vanilla networks without skip connections or normalization layers be trained as fast and accurately as ResNets? In this regard, the authors extend Deep Kernel Shaping and show that a vanilla network with leaky RELU-family activations can match the performance of a deep residual network. Four reviewers unanimously suggested acceptance of the paper. There were concerns about the clarity or marginal performance improvement. However, they all including myself agree: achieving the competitive performance with the vanilla deep model itself can be seen as a big contribution and the clarity has been improved to some extent through revision.
generated:A recent paper by Dai & Wipf (2019) on the convergence properties of a VaE on low-dimensional data provides further insight into possible degenerate optima that can be obtained by VAEs, both linear and nonlinear.
original:The paper analyzes the behavior of VAEs in modeling data lying on a low dimensional manifold. It formally proves some of the conjectures/informal-statements in an earlier work by Dai and Wipf (2019) in the case of linear VAE and linear manifold, and disproves the same for the nonlinear case. In particular, it proves, by analyzing the objective and its gradient-flow dynamics, that VAE captures the intrinsic dimension of data distribution correctly. For nonlinear cases, the paper shows a counterexample to the conjecture in (Dai & Wipf; 2019) where the support of VAE generators is a superset of that
generated:A new algorithm, SAGE, has been shown to improve the performance of machine learning models.
original:The paper observes that the number of redundant parameters is a function of the training procedure and proposes a training strategy that encourages all parameters in the model to be trained sufficiently and become useful. The method adaptively adjusts the learning rate for each individual parameter according to its sensitivity (a proxy for the parameter's contribution to the model performance). The approach encourages the use of under fitted parameters while preventing overfitting in the well-fitted ones. Experimental results are presented covering a wide range of tasks and in combination with several optimisers, showing improvements in model generalization. The paper is very well written and easy to follow (as mentioned by Reviewers NSqH, 4pzE and sSHP
generated:Stroke-based image editing algorithms have been proposed at the 2019 International Conference on Computer Vision and 3D Printing.
original:Thank you for your submission to ICLR. This paper presents a technique for image synthesis based on stochastic differential equations and a diffusion model. This looks to be a very nice idea with good results. After discussion, the reviewers converged and all agreed that the paper is ready for publication---the most negative reviewer raised their score after the author rebuttal, from a weak reject to weak accept. The rebuttal clearly and concisely addressed several concerns of the reviewers. I'm happy to recommend accepting the paper.
generated:An interesting paper has been submitted to the Journal of Neural Networks (JNS).
original:This paper demonstrates that current post-hoc methods to explain black-box models are not robust to spurious signals based on three metrics especially when the spurious signals are implicit or unknown. Technical novelty is limited because the paper presents primarily empirical results instead of novel machine learning techniques. However, the problem is very important and timely, and significance to the field and potential impact of the presented results to advance the field are high as reviewers emphasized. There are ways to further improve the paper, including the clarity of presentation, although the authors improved in the revised manuscript. Overall, this paper deserves borderline acceptance.
generated:This paper proposes a novel way to partion supernets in Few-Shot NAS.
original:All reviewers give acceptance scores. One reviewer also commented that they would like to increase their score from 6 to 7 (which isn't possible in the system). I encourage the authors to add the substantial new results generated during the rebuttal into the paper.
generated:The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Random Pruning at Initialization.
original:### Summary This paper builds on previous work on sparse training that shows the many modern sparse training techniques do no better than a random pruning technique that selects layer wise rations, but otherwise randomly selects which weights within a layer to remove. The key difference in this work is to take these existing results and scale the size of the network to show that as the size of the network increases, the smaller -- as measured in pruning ratio -- a matching subnetwork becomes. ### Discussion #### Strengths Places an emphasis on simple techniques #### Weakness Significant overlap with previous work. Prior already demonstrated the equivalence of random pruning and contemporary pruning at initialization techniques. ### Recommendation I
generated:A new approach to non-autoregressive machine translation (NAT) has been proposed by Gu and Jungo, in a paper published in the journal arXiv.
original:This paper proposes several innovations for machine translation. The reviewers had several questions about the claims that were made and the authors addressed these and also acknowledged that some of their formulations (e. g. 'better') would need to be qualified. Overall, there are several interesting ideas that have been put together in a sensible way, but the story is not super consistent. The detailed exchanges between the reviewers are authors are commendable!
generated:The authors of the "Improved-Embedded Transfomer" paper have published a paper at the International Conference on Machine Learning.
original:DictFormer is a method to reduce the redundancy in transformers so they can deployed on edge devices. In the method, a shared dictionary across layers and unshared coefficients are used in place of weight multiplications. The author proposed a l1 relaxation to train the non-differentiable objective to achieve both higher performance and lower parameter counts. All reviewers ended up giving the paper a score of 6 after increasing their scores during discussions. While the results are strong (better performance at much lower parameter counts), the paper is not clearly written. Several reviewers noted that the paper is difficult to understand and has a few unresolved points. For example, the method also ended up performing better than the base transformer
generated:An accelerated method for solving nonconvex-concave minmax problems has been proposed by Wei, Fuchao, Chenglong Bao, and Yang Liu.
original:This paper proposes to use Anderson Acceleration on min-max problems, provides some theoretical convergence rates and presents numerical results on toy bilinear problems and GANs. After the discussion, the reviewers agreed that this paper makes a nice contribution to ICLR. Some concerns were originally expressed in terms of incrementality of the theoretical results with respect to previous work (KCYs, gBHU), but the authors have well clarified their contributions in the discussion, and have updated their manuscript accordingly. There were also initial concerns about the related work coverage, but this was also properly addressed in the rebuttal, with additional experimental comparisons as well as extended related work section, as well as
generated:Here are the main points of the submission:.
original:This paper studies optimization of over-parametrized neural networks in the mean-field scaling. Specifically, when the input dimension in larger than the number of training samples, the paper shows that the training loss converges to 0 at a linear rate under gradient flow. It's possible to extend the result by random feature layers to handle the case when input dimension is low. Empirically the dynamics in this paper seems to achieve better generalization performance than the NTK counterpart, but no theoretical result is known. Overall this is a solid contribution to the hard problem of analyzing the training dynamics of mean-field regime. There was some debate between reviewers on what is the definition of "feature
generated:Kernel regression can learn at most an α -degree polynomial, where α depends on the sample size and input dimensionality.
original:*Summary:* Study gradient flow dynamics of empirical and population square risk in kernel learning. *Strengths:* - Empirical results studying several cases in MSE curves. - Explaining / solving certain phenomena in DL using kernels. *Weaknesses:* - More motivations would be appreciated. - Technical innovation not so high. *Discussion:* Ud7D found that the main strength of this paper is the take-home message rather than innovations. They concluded 7 might be appropriate for the evaluation. This opinion was seconded by WyHh who considered 7 the most appropriate rating. 5uQz also found that 7 would be the most appropriate rating. qXRH
generated:This is a technical paper with very impressive results.
original:This paper proposes algorithms for learning (coarse) correlated equilibrium in multi-agent general-sum Markov games, with improved sample complexities that are polynomial in the maximum size of the action sets of different players. This is a very solid work along the line of multi-agent reinforcement learning and there is unanimous support to accept this paper. Thus, I recommend acceptance.
generated:A paper by Du and colleagues has been accepted for publication in the Journal of Neural Networks.
original:The authors make a case for a phenomenon of deep network training that they call the "silent alignment effect": that, while the training error is still large, the NTK associated with the network aligns its eigenvectors with key directions in "feature space". They support this with non-rigorous theoretical analysis of linear networks, and extensive experiments with real networks on real data. The consensus view was that this paper provides novel and useful insight into training dynamics, in particular regarding feature learning.
generated:A new method for learning object-oriented dynamic models (OS-OOTD) for text-based games has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Neural Networks.
original:This manuscript makes an interesting observation: there is no reason why planning-based methods like MDPs must be limited to physical or grounded environments. One can plan about more abstract textual domains. It adapts the standard methods from planning to such text domains in a fairly straightforward way. The fact that concepts from MDPs map to these problems directly is an asset: ideas could flow between these domains in the long term. While the original submission was lacking clarity and significant technical details, the authors engaged with the reviewers and resolved lingering concerns. Reviewers are unanimous that this a strong contribution.
generated:This paper tries to explain the success of magnitude based and gradient based methods in compressing neural network models.
original:The paper used the Koopman operator theory to explain and guide the DNN pruning. All the reviewers deemed that such a viewpoint is novel (but at different levels). However, the paper still had some issues, including unclear technical details, vague/overselling statements, being computation and memory expensive, etc. The paper finally got 4 "marginally above threshold" (one being of low confidence), making it on the borderline. The AC read through the paper and agreed that the Koopman operator theory brings new perspective to DNN pruning, with potential for other analysis of DNNs. Although the paper is imperfect and not strong, it does not have severe problems either and
generated:A new paper on the expressivity of G-CNNs has been published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:The authors' provide a discussion of Cover's Theorem in the setting of equivariance. The reviewers consider the work well explained and interesting, especially after the revisions, and so I will vote to accept.
generated:A review of the paper "Thinking with a Tensor Diagram" (THSA), published in the journal Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS), which proposes an extension of the traditional tensor diagram for MLPs.
original:This paper presents a tensor diagram view of the multi-headed self-attention (MHSA) mechanism used in Transformer architectures, and by modifying the tensor diagram, introduces a strict generalization of MHSA called the Tucker-head self attention (THSA) mechanism. While there is some concern regarding the incremental nature of the proposition, the identification of where to usefully add the additional parameter that converts from MHSA to THSA was nontrivial, and the experimental results on the performance benefits across multiple tasks is convincing.
generated:A review of the paper, Clustering-friendly Representation Learning via Instance Discrimination and Feature Decorrelation, ICLR 2021.
original:The paper proposes a weakly supervised contrastive learning, using auxiliary cluster information, for representation learning. Their method generates similar representations for the intra-cluster samples and dissimilar representations for inter-cluster samples via a clustering InfoNCE objective. Their approach is evaluated thoroughly on three image classification task. The reviewers agree that the paper is well written, presenting interesting theoretical analysis (Reviewer h3zd, a8kw) and solid experimetal results (Reviewer RhYi, 1ziy). The core idea of the paper is relatively simple and well motivated (Reviewer h3zd). While the focus is using the clustering with auxiliary labels, the method can be
generated:Award-winning researchers Kwon20 and Ahn19 have published a paper on a novel method for reducing the size of data encoded in a fixed-sized network.
original:### Summary The key idea behind this approach is a new technique to map irregular sparsity to a regular, compressed pattern. The results can, in principle, therefore overcome several standard limitations with irregular data storage formats. The results improve over existing (though related) techniques. ### Discussion #### Strenghts - An interesting and timely topic to study - Results show non-compute improvements #### Weakness The primary weakness noted among the reviewers was the lack of study on actual decoding performance. As I note below, this is a serious oversight that given the already existing theoretical work in the area warrants study as the community should begin to turn towards mapping that theory to practice. ### Recommendation I
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have proposed a novel and interesting approach to the problem of finding the optimal policy for an MDP.
original:In this paper, the authors introduce an exploration method for RL according to experimental design perspective via designing an acquisition function, which quantifies how much information a state-action pair would provide about the optimal solution to a Markov decision process, and the state-action that maximizes such acquisition function will be used for sampling for policy update. The empirical evidences show the proposed method is promising. Since most of the reviewers support the paper, I recommend acceptance of this submission. However, besides the questions raised by the reviewers, e. g., computation cost and planning quality from CEM, there is a major issue need to be clarified in the paper: >The algorithm designed for RL with gener
generated:A new approach to Bayesian inference for non-stationary environments has been proposed in a paper at the International Conference on Machine Learning.
original:The article introduces a Bayesian approach for online learning in non-stationary environments. The approach, which bears similarities with weighted likelihood estimation methods, associate a binary weight to each past observation, indicating if this observation should be including or not to compute the posterior. The weights are estimated via maximum a posteriori. The paper is well written, the approach is novel and its usefulness demonstrated on a number of different experiments. The original submission missed some relevant references that have been added in the revision. The approach has some limitations, highlighted by the reviewers: * it requires to solve a binary optimisation problem whose complexity scales exponentially with the size of the dataset; although the greedy procedure proposed by the authors
generated:Researchers in China have proposed an unsupervised method to solve full-waveform inversion using a deep neural network and a physics-based model.
original:The paper presents an unsupervised method for learning Full-Waveform Inversion in geophysics, by combining a differentiable physics simulation with a CNN based inversion network. The reviewers agreed that the paper was well written and described an important advance but were concerned about limited novelty and a potential sim2real gap. The authors responded to their critique with significant new experiments and clarified the novelty of their method relative to prior work. Based on the author responses, I recommend acceptance.
generated:A review of the paper [1] Fair Contrastive Learning for Contextual Bandits (Neurips 2017, I will use the arxiv version here).
original:The reviewers all acknowledge the importance of the paper as it addressed the challenge of the insufficient data problem in conditional contrastive learning, feeling that the idea was novel, the experiments verified the effectiveness of the model well, and the paper is well written. Reviewers also raised some good questions, such as the computational complexity, comparison with Fair_InfoNCE in the experiments, and kernel ablations. These questions are well addressed in the rebuttal and the revised version. One reviewer raised the issue of similarity to [1]. After taking a close look at this paper and [1], the AC felt that the motivation and focus of this paper are quite different from [1]. The authors should incorporate
generated:A few-shot learning is a fundamental task that deserves further study.
original:Summary: Paper addresses the cross-domain few-shot learning scenario, where meta-learning data is unavailable, and approaches are evaluated directly on novel settings. Authors propose a 3-step approach: 1) self-supervised pretraining, 2) feature selection, 3) fine-tuning, and demonstrate gains over state-of-art. Pros: - Approach is novel for this setting - Paper is clear and easy to understand - Performance beats several prior methods - Experiments are thorough - Fundamental problem is worthwhile of investigation Cons: - Some concerns among multiple reviewers on how hyperparameters are selected. Authors have provided more information and tables in the paper. - Training process is multi-
generated:A review of the manuscript, GrID-Net and Granger causal inference over DAGs, has been published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:The AC and reviewers all agree that the paper proposes a very interesting framework to extend Granger Causality to DAG structured dynamical systems with important applications. The submission was the object of extensive discussion, and the AC and reviewers all agree that the author feedback satisfactorily addresses the vast majority of their concerns. We strongly urge the authors to incorporate all the points and revisions mentioned in their feedback. We certainly hope that the author will pursue this line of work and consider scaling their approach to tackle larger applications such as those related to social networks.
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published a paper in the journal Science on a new approach to the search for stable conformers of hydrogen atoms.
original:All reviewers except one agreed that this paper should be accepted because of the strong author response during the rebuttal phase. Specifically the reviewers appreciated the new ablation study showing that improvements are not due to minor architectural changes, the new experiment on the number of time steps required for experiments, the agreement to change language around "neural energy minimization", the improvements to the related work, the novelty of the unrolled optimization approach, and the nice experimental results. Given this, I vote to accept. Authors: please carefully revise the manuscript based on the suggestions by the reviewers: they made many careful suggestions to improve the work and stressed that the paper should only be accepted once these changes are implemented.
generated:A new approach to understanding the over-smoothing of deep Convolutional Networks (GNNs) has been proposed by Chen and Zhao.
original:In this paper, the authors established interesting theoretical results regarding the behavior Graph Neural Tangent Kernel (GNTK). They also provide sufficient evidence (some of which during rebuttal) that their approach is valid. We have had many discussions and I suggest that the authors apply reviewers' comments to the final version of their paper.
generated:The authors of a paper published in the journal Neuron have proposed a factorized Gaussian family of Bayesian models to predict the activity of C. elegans neurons.
original:The authors build an encoding model of whole-brain brain activity by integrating incomplete functional data with anatomical/connectomics data. This work is significant from a computational neuroscience perspective because it constitutes a proof of concept regarding how whole brain calcium imaging data can be used to constrain the missing parameters of a connectome-constrained, biophysically detailed model of the C. elegans nervous system. There were issues related to clarity in the initial submission which all appeared to have been addressed in the final revision. This paper received 3 accepts (including one marginal accept) and 1 reject. The paper was discussed and the reviewers (including the negative reviewer) were unanimous that the current submission should be accepted
generated:A review of the paper "T-WaveNet for time-series discrimination".
original:This paper introduces a tree-structured wavelet deep neural network to effectively extract more discriminative and expressive feature representations in time series signals. Based on a frequency spectrum energy analysis, the approach decomposes input signals into multiple subbands and builds a tree structure with data-driven wavelet transforms the bases of which are learned using invertible neural networks. In the end, the scattering subband features are fused using a self-attention-like mechanism. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is verified extensively on a variety of datasets from different domains including follow-up experiments in the rebuttal. Overall, the work is technically novel and provides an interesting way of extracting adaptive finer-gr
generated:This paper proposes an unsupervised cross-encoder that outperforms state-of-the-art encoders for sentence similarity.
original:For pairs of pieces of text, the central idea of this paper is to combine the approaches of using bi-encoders (where a vector is formed from each text then compared), which are easily trained in an unsupervised manner, with cross-encoders (where the two texts are related at the token level), which are normally trained in a supervised manner. The chief contribution of this paper is to train a combined model (as a "trans-encoder") by doing co-training of both model types in an alternating cyclic self-distillation framework. The paper suggests that this allows unsupervised training of a cross-encoder. This claim met some push
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a new way to learn the sampling density of an image.
original:Overall, this paper receives positive reviews. The reviewers find the technical novelty and contributions are significant enough for acceptance at this conference. The authors' rebuttal helps address some issues. The area chair agrees with the reviewers and recommend it be accepted at this conference.
generated:Mordvintsev et al. are the first to publish a work that uses a convolutional neural network (NCA) to generate images.
original:Meta Review for Variational Neural Cellular Automata This paper proposes a generative model, a VAE whose decoder is implemented via neural cellular automata (NCA). The authors show that this model performs well for reconstruction, but they also show that the architecture has some robustness properties against damage during generation. Experiments were conducted on 3 datasets: MNIST, Noto Emoji, and CelebA, and while experimental results were great on MNIST, the method was less performant so on the other two datasets, although there is clear evidence that the model can learn to generate meaningful images. For the robustness experiments, the authors show that VNCA is robust to perturb
generated:Hindsight Experience Replay (HindRL) is a novel goal-conditioned RL method that shows strong performance when compared to other RL + LfD approaches.
original:This paper proposes a method to improve the sample efficiency of the HER algorithm by sampling goals from a distribution that is learned from human demonstrations. Empirical results on a simulated robotic insertion task show that the proposed method enjoys a better sample efficiency compared to HER. The reviewers find the paper well-written overall and the proposed idea reasonable. However, there are concerns regarding the limited novelty of the proposed method, which seems incremental. Also, the empirical evaluation suffers from a lack of diversity. The considered tasks are virtually all equivalent to an insertion task. The paper would benefit from further empirical evaluations that include tasks such as those considered in the original HER paper.
generated:This paper presents results of a new method for deep CCA that is able to pick relevant features from noisy and high-dimensional data.
original:Canonical correlation analysis is a method for studying associations between two sets of variables. However these methods lose their effectiveness when the number of variables is larger than the number of samples. This paper proposes a method, based on stochastic gating, for solving a ℓ0 -CCA problem where the goal is to learn correlated representations based on sparse subsets of variables. Essentially, this paper combines ideas from Yamada et al. and Suo et al. who introduced Gaussian-based relaxations of Bernoulli random variables, and sparse CCA respectively. They also extend their methods to work with nonlinear functions by integrating deep neural networks into the ℓ0
generated:Albasyoni and Saha have proposed an algorithm to compress gradient updates in a low-rank subspace for federated learning.
original:The paper shows that most variance of gradients used in FL and distributed learning in general is in very low rank subspaces, an observation also made in Konecny et al 2016 and some other related works in deep learning, though sometimes for a different purpose. The paper then proposes lightweight updates combining a fresh gradient with old updates. Experiments and a theoretical convergence guarantee complement the results, which are mostly convincing. The experiments compare against ATOMO but strangely not against the more common PowerSGD, which would also work with partial client participation. Overall, reviewers all agreed that the paper is interesting, well-motivated and deserves acceptance. We hope the authors will incorporate the open
generated:A review of Kenta Pei’s paper, Geom-GCN on Chameleon and Squirrel, which proposes a novel perspective on learning node representations under various homophily.
original:Heterophily is known to degrade the performance of graph neural networks. This paper explores whether, for graph convolutional networks (GCNs), this is a general phenomenon, or if there are some circumstances under which a GCN can still perform well in a heterophilous setting. This paper characterizes one such setting under a contextual stochastic block model (CSBM) distribution with two classes (generalized in the appendix to multiple classes). The main takeaway is that there are indeed scenarios where a GCN can be expected to perform well, even under heterophilic neighborhoods. There are limitations, and the reviewers have been fairly thorough in pointing these out: the analysis is
generated:A new method for explaining the performance of graph convolutional neural networks (GNNs) has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Neural Networks.
original:This paper proposes a decomposition-based explanation method for graph neural networks. The motivation of this paper is that existing works based on approximation and perturbation suffer from various drawbacks. To address the challenges of existing works, the authors directly decompose the influence of node groups in the forward pass. The decomposition rules are designed for GCN and GAT. Further, to efficiently select subgraph groups from all possible combinations, the authors propose a greedy approach to search for maximally influential node sets. Experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets verify the improvements over existing works. During their initial responses, reviewers suggested that the authors experiment with more baselines and also clarify some of the technical
generated:This is a very good paper, but I have some doubts about the connection between the theory and experiments.
original:The authors provide a theory for training feed-forward spiking neural networks (SNNs) on input-to-output spike train mappings. They utilise for this heterogenous neurone and skip connections. The resulting method is tested on DVS Gesture, N-Caltech 101 and sequential MNIST. It achieved very good performance. The reviewers agreed that the results are interesting and significant. In the initial reviews, the reviewers pointed out some doubts about the theory and clarity of writing. These doubts and objections were addressed in the revision and the reviewers were quite satisfied with that. In conclusion, the manuscript presents interesting results for SNNs with a solid theory and very good experimental
generated:The authors of a paper published in the Journal of artificial intelligence (JAI) have used gradients to select clients in a federated learning system (DivFL).
original:The paper proposes a novel method for (diverse) client selection at each round of a federated learning procedure with the aim of improving performance in terms of convergence, learning efficiency and fairness. The main idea is to introduce a facility location objective to quantify how representative/informative is the gradient information of a given set of clients is, and then choose a subset that maximizes this objective. Given the monotonicity and submodularity of the proposed facility location objective, the authors have been able to provide theoretical guarantees. Experimental results on two data sets (FEMNIST and CelebA) show the effectiveness to the proposed approach and algorithm. The reviewers had a number of concerns most
generated:A paper on a novel method to improve recommender systems has been published in the Journal of Machine Learning.
original:This paper presented a domain transportation perspective on optimizing recommender systems. The basic motivation is to view recommendation as applying some form of intervention, implying a distributional shift after the recommendation/intervention. Distribution shift brings tremendous difficulty to traditional causal inference or missing data theory perspective of recommender systems as it violates the distributional overlapping assumption: in simple terms, if the model recommends radically different set of items, there isn't much you can say about its generalization ability; on the other hand, if the model only recommends items that it already observed during training (no distribution shift at all), it would inherent all the biases which already exist in the data. To that end, this paper proposed a
generated:A review of the paper "VPR for real-time control through Variational Empowerment", published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
original:Thanks for your submission to ICLR. This paper considers a variational inference hierarchical model called Variational Predictive Routing. Prior to discussion, several reviewers were on the fence about the paper, most notably having concerns about some of the experimental results as well as various clarity issues throughout the paper. However, the authors did a really nice job addressing many of these concerns. Ultimately, several of the reviewers updated their scores, leading to a clear consensus view that this paper is ready for publication. We really appreciate your effort in providing additional details and results. Please do keep in mind the concerns of the reviewers when preparing a final version of the manuscript.
generated:In our series of letters from prominent artificial intelligence (AI) experts, I would like to know what you think about your paper, WIDER FACE, which proposes a new way to detect small faces.
original:This paper received 4 quality reviews, with the final rating of 8 by 2 reviewers, and 6 by the other 2 reviewers. All reviews recognize the contributions of this work, especially its superior performance. The AC concurs with these contributions and recommends acceptance.
generated:An adversarial approach to audio-visual navigation has been proposed by the authors of a paper published in the journal Artificial Intelligence.
original:This paper addresses audio-visual navigation tasks where a reinforcement learning agent perceives visual RGB and binaural audio inputs, rendered in a first-person perspective 3D environment, and is tasked to navigate to the audio source. The authors propose to make the RL navigation policy robust, by training the agent with additional adversarial audio perturbations. These perturbations consist of an adversarial "ghost" agent (attacker) that emits noise perturbations volume, position and category determined by policies that are trained to maximise the negative rewards for the navigation agent in zero-sum game. The agent is then evaluated on the simulated Replica and MatterPort3D environments and compared to
generated:Nuisance-induced Dirichlet Reduction (NuRD) is a novel and compelling method for reducing the influence of nuisance variables.
original:The paper studies how to build predictive models that are robust to nuisance-induced spurious correlations present in the data. It introduces nuisance-randomized distillation (NuRD), constructed by reweighting the observed data, to break the nuisance-label dependence and find the most informative representation to predict the label. Experiments on several datasets show that by using a classifier learned on this representation, NuRD is able to improve the classification performance by limiting the impact of nuisance variables. The main concerns were about the presentation and organization of the paper, which was heavily focused on the theoretical justifications but fell short in explaining the intuitions and implementation details. The revision and rebuttal have addressed some
generated:A reviewer of the paper "Detecting backdoors in deep neural networks" (DNNs) has asked the following questions:.
original:This work proposed to detect backdoor in a black-box manner, where only the model output is accessible. Most reviewers think it is a valuable task, and this work provides a novel perspective of using adversarial perturbation to diagnosis the backdoor. Some theoretical analysis for linear models and kernel models are provided. There is still huge gap to analyze the DNN model. But on the other side, it provides some insight to understand the proposed method and could inspire further studies. Besides, since there have been many advanced backdoor attack methods, and many more are coming out, I am not sure that the proposed detection criteria is well generalizable, considering only some typical attack methods are tested. However,
generated:The paper is published in the Journal of the American Physical Society (JAS).
original:This paper studies online learning using SGD with momentum for nonstationary data. For the specific setting of linear regression with Gaussian noise and oscillatory covariate shift, a linear oscillator ODE is derived that describes the dynamics of the learned parameters. This then allows analysis of convergence/divergence of learning for different settings of the learning rate and momentum. The theoretical results are validated empirically, and are shown to generalize to other settings such as those with other optimizers (Adam) or other models (neural nets). The reviewers praise the clear writing and the rigorous and systematic analysis. 3 out of 4 reviewers recommend accepting the paper. The negative reviewer does not find the
generated:This is a very well written paper, tackles an interesting area, proposes a novel calibration method, and demonstrates the utility in empirical experiments.
original:The paper studies the problem of multi-class calibration, proposing new notion of "top-label calibration", and presenting and comparing new algorithms for multi-class calibration. Reviewers generally found the paper to be well-written, and tackling a foundational problem. There were some questions regarding the experiments: (1) _Lack of explanation of why unnormalised beats normalised. _ One of the paper's main empirical findings is that using an unnormalised predictor with histogram binning (CW-HB) can significantly outperform a normalised one (N-HB). There is however limited discussion prior to this of why such behaviour is expected. (2) _Lack of
generated:A paper by Liao et. al. has been accepted for publication in the International Centre for the Large Hadron Collider (ICLR).
original:This paper extends recent and very active literature on analyzing learning algorithms in the simplified setting of Gaussian data and model weights, with the main generalization being to allow for non-isotropic covariance matrices. The main technical results seem to be correct and slightly novel, though reviewers feel they are not innovative or unexpected enough to stand on their own. However, the main contributions of the paper are then to interpret these results to give phenomenological results (regarding double descent, etc.), and reviewers were unanimously happy with these. In the end, all reviewers were positive about the paper. The largest reviewer criticisms of the paper were technical issues (ot31) and lack of context of recent literature
generated:An approach to overcoming the so-called backfill problem when time-series data are revised to correct previous recorded values has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
original:This paper introduces Back2Future, a deep learning approach for refining predictions when backfill dynamics are present. All reviewers agree on that the authors successfully motivate their work and introduce a topic of great interest, i. e. that of dealing with the effect of revising previously recorded data and its effect timeseries predictions. The reviewers also underline the strong and thorough experimental section. Among the reviews is also underlined the potential impact of the work for the research domain. Many thanks to the authors for replying to the minor concerns raised. I concur with the reviews and find this submission very interesting, convincing and thus recommend for accept. Thank you for submitting the paper to ICLR.
generated:The authors of this paper have published their results on the performance of hierarchical convolutional kernels for image classification in the journal CIFAR10.
original:The paper addresses hierarchical kernels and provides an analysis of their RKHS along with generalization bounds and cases where improved generalization can be obtained. The reviewers appreciated the analysis and its implications. There were multiple concerns regarding presentation clarity, which the authors should address in the camera ready version.
generated:The authors of a new paper on options-based learning and planning (VFS) present their findings in Nature.
original:This paper is good but at a borderline. One reviewer increased the score during the discussions. However, no reviewer was in strong favor. So that this paper is still a borderline one, and it is up to the SAC to decide.
generated:Here are my comments on a paper by Chhaya and Zhang, which presents a result on L∞ regression for any A matrix.
original:Dear Authors, The paper was received nicely and discussed during the rebuttal period. There is consensus among the reviewers that the paper should be accepted: - The new result about query complexity of regression problem that the authors have added. Along with the result on for (noisy) Vandemonde matrix, these make the paper lie above the accept bar. - The authors have providing satisfying clarifications during the rebuttal that convinced reviewers to increase further their scores. The current consensus is that the paper deserves publication. Best AC
generated:CrossBeam is a novel and interesting approach to neural program synthesis, based on a combination of existing techniques from the literature such as bottom-up search, on-policy beam aware training, UniqueRandomizer and pointer networks.
original:This paper addresses the problem of program synthesis given input/output examples and a domain-specific language using a bottom-up approach. The paper proposes the use of a neural architecture that exploits the search context (all the programs considered so far and their execution results) to decide which program to evaluate next. The model is trained on-policy using beam-aware training and the method is evaluated on string manipulation and inductive logic programming benchmarks. The results show that the proposed method outperforms previous work in terms of the number of programs evaluated and accuracy. Overall, the reviewers found the paper to be well-written and the idea proposed to be significantly novel and interesting to be presented at the conference and
generated:A new approach to generating synthetic data with privacy preservation has been proposed in a paper published in the journal VLDB Endowment.
original:The paper presents a new framework of synthesizing differential private data using deep generative models. Reviewers liked the significance of the problem. They raised some concerns which was appropriately addressed in the rebuttal. We hope the authors will take feedback into account and prepare a stronger camera ready version.
generated:A study published at the European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV) 2020 shows that adding divisive normalization to a deep neural network (DNN) produces the best performing model on two datasets.
original:This paper explores addition of a version of divisive normalization to AlexNets and compares performance and other measures of these networks to those with more commmonly used normalization schemes (batch, group, and layer norm). Various tests are performed to explore the effect of their divisive normalization. Scores were initially mixed but after clarifications for design and experiment decisions, and experiments run in response to comments by the reviewers the paper improved significantly. While reviewers still had several suggestions for further improvements, after the authors' revisions reviewers were in favor of acceptance which I support.
generated:The paper was well-written and enjoyable to read.
original:This paper presents a very interesting study of using an artificial language (generated using a specific algorithm via a transformer model) and training SOTA transformer and LSTM language models on that language; the authors show that these LMs underestimate the probability of sequences from this language and overestimate the probability of ill formed sentences, among other observations. This is a very interesting study that captures the behavior of recent LMs. All reviewers are supportive of accepting this paper and it is good to see the engagement between reviewers and authors of this paper.
generated:MaGNET is a novel and well-motivated approach to training deep generative models (DGNs).
original:The paper proposes a simple method for uniform sampling from generative manifold using change of variables formula. The method works by first sampling a much larger number of samples (N) from uniform distribution in the latent space and then does sampling by replacement (using probability proportional to change in volume) to generate a smaller number of final samples (k << N) that are seen as approximately sampled from a uniform distribution from the generative manifold. Reviewers had some questions/concerns about the confusing language in the abstract and introduction around the use of the term "uniform" which the authors have addressed satisfactorily. Authors have also provided results on quality (FID metric) of the generated samples
generated:In our series of letters to the editor, I am going to give a score of 1-5 to a paper that shows that a novel algorithm outperforms existing neural bandit algorithms.
original:This paper tackles the neural contextual bandit problem, for which existing approaches consists rely on bandit algorithms based on deep neural networks to learn reward functions. In these existing strategies, exploration takes place over the entire network parameter space, which can be inefficient for the large-size networks typically used in NTK-based approaches. In this work, the authors address this by building on an existing technique of shallow exploration, which consists in exploring over the final layer of the network only, allowing to decouple the deep neural network feature representation learning from most of the exploration of the network parameters. More specifically, they propose a simple and effective UCB-based strategy using this shallow exploration scheme, for which
generated:The paper is published in the Journal of Neural Networks.
original:The paper proposes a novel method, PI3NN, for estimating prediction intervals (PIs) for quantifying the uncertainty of neural network predictions. The method is based on independently training three neural networks with different loss functions which are then combined via a linear combination where the coefficients for a given confidence level can be found by the root-finding algorithm. A specific initialization scheme allows to employ the method to OOD detection. Reviewers agreed on the importance of the problem of producing reliable confidence estimates. The proposed method addressed some of the limitations of the existing approaches, and reviewers valued that a theoretical as well as an empirical analysis is provided. On of the main criticisms was that the theoretical derivation of
generated:Clustering by Discriminative Similarity via unsupervised Kernel Classification (CDSK) is a novel clustering algorithm that outperforms competing clustering algorithms.
original:The authors provide a framework for unsupervised clarification based on minimizing a between-cluster discriminative similarity. It is more flexible than existing methods whose kernel similarity implicitly assumes uniform weights, and the authors connect to ideas such as max-margin and weighted kernel approaches. This yields a clustering algorithm naturally that alternates between updating class labels and similarity weights. Moreover the reviewers (and I) appreciate the analysis of generalization error through Rademacher complexity arguments and detailed author responses. I might add while the paper draws connections to weighted kernel methods and have since added references to sparse subspace clustering etc, there is recent interest in using similar arguments to derive error bounds and uniform concentration results
generated:A short survey of the findings from Portelas and colleagues, who have proposed an automatic curriculum generation method for deep learning.
original:While one reviewer remained concerned about the possibility of convergence to bad equilibria and felt that the proposed method appears to be four minor changes from prior work (PAIRED), the authors demonstrate empirically that the proposed changes make a significant difference in their evaluation. Other reviewers were positive about this work and all others rated this work as an accept. Post rebuttal the most positive reviewer increased their score to an 8 and felt did a good job answering their concerns. They wanted to see an analysis of systems with larger numbers of agents, but felt that the current manuscript was more than sufficient to warrant acceptance, and fell into the category of a good paper with the additional ablations provided during the rebuttal
generated:A review of the paper "Certifying Robust Policies (CROP) for reinforcement learning (RL)".
original:The authors propose a framework for for the certification of reinforcement learning agents against adversarial observation/state perturbations based on randomized smoothing. They develop the theory of the framework, demonstrating that the framework can be used to certify lower bounds on the worst-case cumulative reward of an agent. They validate their theoretical bounds experimentally. The paper is well written and reviewers were mostly in agreement that the contributions are worthy of acceptance. The technical concerns from reviewer zGtv were addressed during the discussion phase, but I strongly encourage the authors to revise the manuscript to address the points raised in the discussion.
generated:AUC: What are the main strengths and weaknesses of the paper?
original:This paper proposes a new link prediction algorithm based on a pooling scheme called WalkPool. The main idea is to jointly encode node representations and graph topology information into node features and conduct the learning end-to-end. The paper shows the superiority of the method against the baselines. Strength * The paper is generally clearly written. * A new method is proposed, which is technically sound. * Many experiments are conducted to verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. Weakness * The novelty of the work might not be so significant. There is a similarity with the SEAL algorithm. The authors have addressed most of the problems pointed out by the reviewers. They have also conducted additional experiments.
generated:This is my first review of a paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).
original:Verifying robustness of neural networks is an important application in machine learning. The submission takes on this challenge via the interval bound propagation (IBP) framework and provides a theoretical analysis on the training procedure. They establish, in the large network with case, that the certification via IBP reflects the robustness of the neural network. Despite the tensions between the changing architecture and the required accuracy, the results are insightful. The AC recommends the authors to revise the paper, correcting the significant amounts of typos and improve the presentation for its final version.
generated:A few weeks ago, I wrote a review of a paper called Adversarial Feature Matching for Text Generation, which was published in ICLR 2020.
original:This paper received six reviews, consisting of three 8s two 6s and one 3. The reviewers generally felt that the proposed Electra-like pretraining provided fairly significant downstream improvements. Additional ablations were provided to during the author response period and other author responses were sufficient to cause scores to rise during the discussion period. The vast majority of reviewers recommended accepting this paper and the AC also recommends acceptance.
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a new way to train large graph neural networks (GNNs) using GPUs.
original:The reviewers were split about this paper: on one hand they appreciated the clarity and the experimental improvments in the paper, on the other they were concerned about the novelty of the work. After going through it and the discussion I have decided to vote to accept this paper for the following reasons: (a) the potential impact of the work, (b) the simplicity of the idea, and (c) promise of release of open source code. I think these things make the paper a strong contribution to ICLR. The only thing I would like to see added, apart from the suggestions detailed by the reviewers, is a small discussion on the carbon footprint of training such largescale graph
generated:Maei and colleagues have shown that two different approaches to learning the value function can converge to different fixed-points.
original:This paper presents a study of the over parametrization of linear representations in the context of recursive value estimation. The reviewers could not reach a consensus over the quality of the paper, with a fairly wide range of scores even after the rebuttal. After considering the paper, the rebuttal, and the discussion, I lean towards accepting the paper. Despite the concerns voiced by some of the reviewers, the topic and analysis of the manuscript are novel and interesting, and it is my expectation that this manuscript will prove a valuable source of inspiration for future work. I invite the authors to carefully consider the feedback received by all the reviewers (and in particular Reviewers xq3y and gT
generated:Arora and colleagues have published a paper in the Journal of Neural Networks that attempts to generalize results obtained from analysis of neural networks using the NTK architecture.
original:This paper goes beyond the NTK setting in analyzing optimization and generalization in ReLU networks. It nicely generalizes NTK by showing that generalization depends on a family of kernels rather than the single NTK. The reviewers appreciated the results. One thing that is missing is a clear separation between NTK results and the ones proposed here. Although it is ok to defer this to future work, a discussion of this point in the paper would be helpful.
generated:Reinforced imitation learning shows better performance compared with baseline of MLE loss for one-to-many mapping.
original:The paper proposes a new method for unsupervised text style transfer by assuming there exist some pseudo-parallal sentences pairs in the data. The method thus first mines and constructs a synthetic parallel corpus with certain similarity metrics, and then trains the model via imitation learning. Reviewers have found the method is sound and the empiricial results are decent. The assumption on pseudo-parallal pairs would limited the application of the methods in other settings where the source/target text distributions are very different. The authors have added discussion on this limitation during rebuttal.
generated:In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the recent papers in the field of computer vision.
original:This paper regards video understanding as an image classification task, and reports promising performance against state of the arts on several standard benchmarks. Though the method is quite simple, it achieves good results. The visualization in this paper also provides good insight. All reviewers give positive recommendations for this paper.
generated:I have just finished reading the paper by [Deng, 2020].
original:This paper proposes a new variant of a stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics sampler that relies on two key ideas: approximation of the target density with a simpler function (as in [Deng, 2020]) and the parallel simulation of many chains. The authors also prove that their approach can be theoretically more efficient than a single-chain algorithm. The reviewers see the contribution as significant although they did raise some concerns regarding the clarity of the paper. Since these concerns do not appear to be major, I recommend acceptance but I advise the authors to address the comments of the reviewers to maximize the impact of the paper.
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have submitted a paper on population-based learning (NeuPL).
original:The authors propose a new framework of population learning that optimizes a single conditional model to learn and represent multiple diverse policies in real-world games. All reviewers agree the ideas are interesting and the empirical results are strong. The meta reviewer agrees and recommends acceptance.
generated:Korda, Milan and Mezi have proposed a novel method for learning and controlling dynamical systems from noisy data.
original:The paper was seen positively by all reviewers. The strength of the paper are: - Intuitive and interesting combination of Koopman Operators and Optimal Control for Reinforcement Learning - Convincing experiments on challenging benchmark tasks - All of the issues of the reviewers (advantages to SAC, gaps in the theory and missing references) have been properly addressed in the rebuttal. I therefore recommend acceptance of the paper.
generated:A new algorithm for pruning neural networks has been presented at the International Conference on Neural Network Pruning (ICLR).
original:The submission introduces an algorithm for structured pruning of fully connected ReLU layers using ideas from tropical geometry. The paper begins with a very accessible overview of key concepts from tropical geometry, and shows how ReLU networks can be thought of as tropical polynomials. It gives an efficient K-means-based algorithm for pruning units in a way that approximately minimizes the Hausdorff distance between certain polytopes. Experiments show that the method outperforms other methods based on tropical geometry and is competitive with SOTA methods from a few years ago. I think the reviewers, authors and I all agree on the following points: tropical geometry is a mathematical topic not commonly used
generated:The authors of [R1,R2,R3,R4] present three novel methods for reducing the margin-based losses of deep learning classifiers.
original:This work presents a principled objective function for large margin learning. Specifically, it introduces class margin and sample margin, both of which it aims to promote. It also derives a generalized margin softmax loss which to draw general conclusions on the existing margin-based losses. The effectiveness of the proposed theory is empirically verified in visual classification, imbalanced classification, person re-identification, and face verification. The reviewers initially raised some concerns, but most of them were well addressed in the rebuttal and convinced the reviewers. Specifically, pU1u was satisfied by authors' reply on Theorem 3.2 and the practical methods. pGzf appreciated clarifications around the evaluation metric used
generated:A new attack method to attack vision transformers by considering the attention mechanism has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:This paper provides an interesting study on the adversarial robustness comparisons between ViTs and CNNs, and successfully challenges the previous belief that ViTs are always more robust than CNNs on defending against adversarial attacks. Specifically, as revealed in this paper, when the attacker considers the attention mechanisms, the resulting patch attack can hurt ViTs more. Overall, all the reviewers enjoy reading this paper and appreciate the comprehensive robustness comparisons between ViTs and CNNs. The reviewers were concerned about the missing experiments about adversarial training, vague statements about the inspiration for future defenses, visualization of adversarial examples, etc. All these concerns are well addressed during the discussion period, and all reviewers reach a
generated:The paper "AdaMatch: Semi-Supervised Learning with Dynamic Thresholding," ICML 2021.
original:Thanks for your submission to ICLR! This paper presents a novel way to combine domain adaptation with semi-supervised learning. The reviewers were, on the whole, quite happy with the paper. On the positive side, the results are very extensive and impressive, it's a clever way to combine domain adaptation and semi-supervised learning, and it's a fairly general approach in that it works in several settings (e. g., unsupervised vs semi-supervised domain adaptation). On the negative side, the approach itself is somewhat limited technically. After discussion, the one somewhat negative reviewer agreed that the paper has sufficient merit and should be accepted; thus, everyone was ultimately in
generated:After reading the paper, I'm not fully convinced of the efficacy of the proposed techniques.
original:The authors improve upon existing algorithms for complete neural network verification by combining recent advances in bounding algorithms (better bounding algorithms under branching constraints and relaxations involving multiple neurons) and developing novel branching heuristics. They show the efficacy of their method on a number of rigorous experiments, outperforming SOTA solvers for neural network verification on several benchmark datasets. All reviewers agree that the paper makes valuable contributions and minor concerns were addressed adequately during the rebuttal phase. Hence I recommend that the paper be accepted.
generated:Sohl-Dickstein et al, 2015.
original:The paper tackles a very interesting problem in the context of diffusion-based generative models and provides empirical improvements. Pre-rebuttal, reviewers' main concerns lie in the motivation and clarification of the method, while after rebuttal, all reviewers satisfied the response and gave positive scores. The authors should include the additional results to well address the reviewers' concerns in the final version.
generated:The authors of the "Neural Interaction Transparency" (NODE-GAM) paper have updated their paper to address some of the questions I had about their approach.
original:The paper proposes two new generalized additive models (GAM) based on neural networks and referred to as NODE-GAM and NODE-GA2M. An empirical analysis shows that the proposed and carefully designed architectures perform comparably to several baselines on medium-sized datasets while outperforming them on larger datasets. Moreover, it is shown that the differentiability of the proposed models allows them to benefit from self-supervised learning. Reviewers agreed on the technical significance and novelty of the proposed models and valued the clever design of the new architectures. Most concerns and open questions could be answered in the rebuttal and by changes in the revised manuscript. Based one the suggestions of one reviewer
generated:The authors of a new paper have shown that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are able to adapt to different orderings of ai for dilated target functions.
original:This work studies the approximation and estimation errors of using neural networks (NNs) to fit functions on infinite-dimensional inputs that admit smoothness constraints. By considering a certain notion of anisotropic smoothness, the authors show that convolutional neural networks avoid the curse of dimensionality. Reviewers all agreed that this is a strong submission, tackling a core question in the mathematics of DL, namely developing functional spaces that are compatible with efficient learning in high-dimensional structured data. The AC thus recommends acceptance.
generated:Three novel methods have been proposed to improve the performance of 1-Lipschitz CNNs.
original:The paper provides a procedure for certifying L2 robustness in image classification. The paper shows that the technique indeed works in practice by demonstrating it's accuracy on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets. The reviewers are positive about the paper. Please do incorporate feedback, especially around experimental setup to ensure that the work compares various methods fairly and provides a clear picture to the reader.
generated:The manuscript has been submitted for presentation at the International Conference on Deep Learning (ICLR).
original:The authors provide in this manuscript a theoretical analysis to explain why deep neural networks become linear in the neighbourhood of the initial optimisation point as their width tends to infinity. They approach this question by viewing the network as a multi-level assembly model. All reviewers agree that this is an interesting, novel, and relevant study. The paper is very well-written. Initially, a weak point raised by a reviewer was that an empirical evaluation of the theory was missing. The authors addressed this issue in a satisfactory manner in their response. In conclusion, this is a strong contribution worth publication.
generated:An example of an incremental learning method that doesn't require external memory has been proposed by Jungwon Lee, Yoojin Choi, and Mostafa El-Khamy in the International Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (ICCV).
original:This paper presents a zero-shot incremental learning approach that does not store past samples for experience replay. The idea is novel and well motivated, and the paper is well written. Reviewers' comments were mainly about missing baselines, missing ablation studies, and clarifications about the proposed method. In the revised paper, the authors provided more justifications and added new experimental results on large benchmark datasets as well as ablation studies. After discussion, all the reviewers are positive about this submission. Thus, I recommend to accept this paper. I encourage the authors to take the review feedback into account in the final version.
generated:A novel approach to entity linking has been presented at the International Conference on Learning Representations.
original:This paper casts entity linking in a retrieve-then-read framework by first retrieving entity candidates and then finding their mentions via reading comprehension. All reviewers agree that the proposed approach is novel, well-motivated, and simple yet performant. The authors have done a good job of addressing all the concerns raised, and the reviewers are unanimous in their recommendation for accepting the paper. I hope the authors will also incorporate the feedback and their responses in the final version.
generated:Two new approaches to the weak MVI have been proposed by [Diakonikolas et al., 2021].
original:The paper considers the saddle point problem of finding non-convex/non-concave minimax solutions. Building onEG+ of Diakonikolas et al., 2021 that works under weak MVI conditions, the work presents a new algorithm CurvatureEG+ that works for a larger range of weak MVI condition compared to previous work and also works for the constrained and composite cases. The authors show cases where this algorithm converges while the previous algorithms can be shown to reach limit cycles. Overall, this theoretical work seems strong. Most reviewers seem to agree that the contribution is good enough for publication. Compared to EG+ the additional contribution is to expand the range of
generated:The authors of this paper propose to replace multi-head attention with a method called compositional attention.
original:This paper identifies a limitation with current attention in transformers where they scoring with query-key pairs is strongly tied to retrieving the value and proposes a more flexible configuration that subsumes the previous setup but provides more flexibility. The authors shows this leads to improvements in various settings. Overall, all reviewers seem to agree there is interesting insight and results in this paper and it merits publication. Also the discussion helped stress important points regarding weight sharing and more. One concern is that the model was not evaluated on standard NLP/vision datasets (I assume alluding to GLUE/SuperGlue/SQuAD, etc.), and authors seem to hint that pre-training this is an issue for them
generated:A review of the OneGAN paper on fine-grained image synthesis and clustering.
original:All the reviewers liked the paper. The proposed method contains novel ideas of learning feature representation to maixmize the mutral informatio nbetween the latent code and its corresponding observation for fine-grained class clustering. The model seems to successfully avoid mode collapse while training generators and able to generate various object (foregrounds) with varying backgrounds. The foreground and background control ability is an outstanding feature of the paper. Please incorporate the comments of the reviewers in the final version. BTW, the real score of this paper should be 7.0 as Reviewer 5wFE commented that he/she would raise the score from 5 to 6 but at the time of this meta review,
generated:MEME is an extension of semi-supervised VAE such as MVAE and MMVAE to a multimodal setting, which can be adapted to partial and complete data settings.
original:PAPER: This paper introduces a new method to learn joint representations from multimodal data, with potentially missing data. The primary novelty builds from the idea of semi-supervised VAE, introducing the concept of bi-directional information flow, which is termed “mutual supervision”. This approach brings the same advantages of semi-supervised VAE to the multimodal setting, allowing the cross-modal interactions to be modeled in the latent space. DISCUSSION: The discussion brought many important issues, addressed by both reviewers and authors. In general, it seems that most reviewers appreciate the technical novelty of the paper, related to the mutual supervision.
generated:This is a very strong paper, with lots of interesting ideas and methods, but it does not feel very focused or well-motivated.
original:Exploration can happen at various levels of granularity and at different times during an episode, and this work performs a study of the problem of exploration (when to explore/when to switch between exploring and exploitation, at what time-scale to do so, and what signals would be good triggers to switch). The study is performed on atari games. Strenghts: ------------ The study is well motivated and the manuscript is overall well written Studies a new problem area, and proposes an initial novel method for this problem extensive study on atari problems Weaknesses -------------- some clarity issues as pointed out by the reviewers no illustrative task is given to give a more intuitive exposition of the "
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published a paper in the journal Computational Statistics on the performance of MOPO and Morel on offline MBRL.
original:This paper empirically studies various design choices in offline model-based RL algorithms, with a focus on MOPO (Model-based Offline Policy Optimization). Among the key design choices is the uncertainty measure used in MOPO that provides an (approximate) lower bound on the performance, the horizon rollout length, and the number of model used in ensemble. The reviewers are positive about the paper, found the experiments thorough, and the results filling a gap in the current literature. They have raised several issues in their reviews, many of which are addressed in the rebuttal and the revised paper. I would like to recommend acceptance of the paper. Also since the results of this work
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a novel, neat, and effective framework for automated extraction of network architectures with high efficiency and fidelity.
original:All reviewers agree on acceptance and I agree with them. I recommend a spotlight.
generated:A team of Chinese researchers have proposed a novel algorithm to address offline constrained reinforcement learning.
original:This paper presents a new technique for constrained offline RL. The proposed method is based on reducing a nested constrained optimization problem to a single unconstrained optimization problem that can be efficiently represented with a neural network. The proposed algorithm is tested against several baselines on both random grid-worlds and continuous environments. Results clearly show that the proposed algorithm outperforms baselines while keep the provided constraints satisfied. The reviewers agree that the paper is well-written, the proposed algorithm is novel and technically sound, and the empirical evaluation clearly supports the claims of the paper. There were some concerns regarding the novelty of this idea, but these concerns were properly addressed by the authors in the discussion.
generated:A review of the paper "Learning Quadrupedal Locomotion over Challenging Terrain" by Joonho Lee, Lorenz Wellhausen, Vladlen Koltun and Marco Hutter.
original:The paper addresses vision-based and proprioception-based policies for learning quadrupedal locomotion, using simulation and real-robot experiments with the A1 robot dog. The reviewers agree on the significance of the algorithmic, simulation, and real-world results. Given that there are also real-robot evaluations, and an interesting sim-to-real transfer, the paper appears to be an important acceptance to ICLR.
generated:A new method for generating high-resolution images using transformers has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:The paper proposes a GAN architecture with a ViT-based discriminator and a ViT-based generator. The paper initially received a mixed rating with two "slightly above the acceptance threshold" ratings and "three slightly below the acceptance threshold" ratings. Several concerns were raised in the reviews, including whether there are advantages of using a ViT-based GAN architecture over the CNN-based GAN and whether the proposed method can be extended to high-resolution image synthesis. These concerns are well-addressed in the rebuttal with most of the reviewers increasing their ratings to be above the bar. The meta-reviewer agrees with the reviewers' assessments and would like to recommend
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published a paper on how to train decision trees that can be used in healthcare.
original:This paper proposes a tree-based method for interpretable policy learning, for fully-offline and partially-observable clinical decision environments. The models are trained incrementally, as patient information becomes available. The method was overall deemed novel by the reviewers, and the interpretability of the model well validated by clinicians. Numerous points of clarification were brought up by reviewers, related to the notation, learning process and result reporting. All of the concerns were responded to by the authors in great detail and the manuscript was appropriately revised. All the reviewers have raised their scores as a result of the updates. Thus, the paper is ready for acceptance.
generated:This paper presents a novel solution to the problem of learning tasks by freezing and unfreezing parameters in the Trust Region, which achieves substantial performance improvement on all benchmarks.
original:The submission addresses the problem of whether or not to update weights for a previous task in continual learning. The approach is to specify a trust region based on task similarity and update weights only in the direction of the tasks that are similar enough to the current one. The paper was on the balance well received (3/4 reviewers recommended acceptance, 2 with scores of 8) and complemented for its simple but effective approach, and good discussion of related literature. The submission attracted a reasonable amount of engagement and discussion between reviewers and authors, which should be taken into account in the final version of the paper.
generated:The authors of this paper present a novel approach to the problem of identifying the latents of an image.
original:The paper provides new insights about how to identify latent variable distributions, making explicit assumptions about invariances. A lot of this is studied in the literature of non-linear ICA, although the emphasis here is on dropping the "I". I think more could be said about how allowing for dependencies among latents truly change the nature of the problem since any distribution can be built out of independent latents, by some more explicit contrast against the recent references given by the reviewers. In any case, the role of allowing for dependencies in the context of the invariances adopted is discussed, and despite no experimentation, the theoretical results are of general interest to the ICLR community and a worthwhile
generated:A paper on the over-smoothing problem in BERT has been published in the Journal of Electrical and Computer Engineering.
original:This paper has a deep analysis of the over-smoothing phenomenon in BERT from the perspective of graph. Over-smoothing refers to token uniformity problem in BERT, different input patches mapping to similar latent representation in ViT and the problem of shallower representation better than deeper (overthinking). The authors build a relationship between Transformer blocks and graphs. Namely, self-attention matrix can be regarded as a normalized adjacency matrix of a weighted graph. They prove that if the standard deviation in layer normalization is sufficiently large, the outputs of the transformer stack will converge to a low-rank subspace, resulting in over-smoothing. In
generated:A review of the paper on the convergence to a rank one solution in deep non-linear networks.
original:*Summary:* Low-rank bias in nonlinear architectures. *Strengths:* - Significant theoretical contribution. - Well written; detailed sketch of proofs. *Weaknesses:* - More intuitions desired. - Restrictive assumptions. *Discussion:* Authors made efforts to improve the discussion in response to 6P7z. Authors agree with eeoo about Assumption 2 being relatively restrictive but point out that main results do not need it. They discuss Assumption 1 and revised it formulation. Reviewer eeoo was satisfied with this. Following the discussion udhX raised their score (after authors acknowledged an early problems and improved them) and found the paper well written
generated:The authors of RUDDER, a paper on delayed reward in reinforcement learning (RL), have published their results in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:Description of paper content: The paper addresses the problem of credit assignment for delayed reward problems. Their method, Randomized Return Decomposition, learns a reward function that provides immediate reward. The algorithm works by randomly subsampling trajectories and predicting the empirical return by regression using a sum of rewards on the included states. The method is compared to a variety of existing methods on Mujoco problems in “episodic reward” settings, where the reward is zero except for the final step of the episode, where it is the sum of rewards from the original task. Theoretical argument suggests the method is an interpolation of return decomposition (regress based on all states
generated:A paper by Ghorbani and Xiao (2020) looks at the dynamics of SGD in the manifold of zero training loss.
original:All the reviewers agree that this paper made a solid contribution of understanding the algorithmic regularization of SGD noise (in particular the label noise for regression) after reaching zero loss. The framework is novel and has the potential to extend to other settings.
generated:A novel approach to detecting anomalies in multiple time-series using a Bayesian network (RNN) and a Dirichlet-AGG (DAG) has been described in a paper published in the journal Artificial Intelligence.
original:The paper tackles the problem of detecting anomalies in multiple time-series. All the reviewers agreed that the methodology is novel, sound and very interesting. Initially, there were some concerns regarding the experimental evaluation, however, the rebuttal and subsequent discussion cleared up these concerns to some extent and all reviewers are eventually supporting or strongly supporting acceptance.
generated:Autoregressive quantile flow is a novel approach to normalizing flow in quantile regression, which has good potential for future applications.
original:The paper proposes a framework for training autoregressive flows based on proper scoring rules. The proposed framework is shown to be a computationally appealing alternative to maximum-likelihood training, and is empirically validated in a wide variety of applications. All three reviewers are positive about the paper and recommend acceptance (one weak, two strong). The reviewers describe the paper as well written and well motivated, and recognize the paper's contribution as significant. Overall, this is a nice and promising methodological exploration of flow-model training that is worth communicating to the ICLR community.
generated:A few-shot classification (MLE) with Firth bias reduction has been submitted for publication in the Journal of Machine Learning.
original:This work starts from the observation that maximum likelihood estimation, while consistent, has a bias on a finite sample which is likely to hurt for small sample sizes. From this, they apply Firth bias reduction to the few-shot learning setting and demonstrate its empirical benefits, notably relatively to L2 regularization or label smoothing alternatives. After some discussion with the authors, all reviewers are supportive of this work being accepted. Two are also suggesting this work be featured as a spotlight. The proposed method is simple, well motivated, and appears to be effective. Therefore, I'm happy to recommend this work be accepted and receive a spotlight presentation.
generated:The authors of (Chen et al., 2021) have published a new paper in the Journal of Reinforcement Learning.
original:This paper provides actor-critic method for fully decentralized MARL. The results remove some of the restrictions from existing results and have also obtained a sample bound that matches with the bound in single agent RL. The authors also give detailed responses to the reviewers' concerns. The overall opinions from the reviewers are positive.
generated:This is a very good paper, but I have a few questions about it that I would like answers to.
original:This paper presents an interesting analysis of mixup, discussing when it works and when it fails. The theory is further illustrated with small but intuitive examples, which facilitates understanding the underlying phenomena and verifies correctness of the predictions made by the theory. The submission has received three reviews with high variance ranging from 3 to 8: mn55 favoring rejection while eGEK recommending accept. I read all the reviews and authors' response. Unfortunately, mn55 did not follow up to express how convinced they are with author's reply, but I do find the responses to mn55 very solid and convincing. In concordance with eGEK, I do find the provided analysis important and helpful
generated:The paper is well motivated and the method is clearly presented with all its technique points delivered.
original:This paper proposes a feature selection method to identify features for downstream supervised tasks, focused on addressing challenges with sample scarcity and feature correlations. The proposed approach is highly motivating in biological and medical applications. Reviewers pointed out various strengths including potential high impacts in biomedical applications, technical novelty and significance, and comprehensive and illustrative experiments. The authors adequately addressed major concerns raised by reviewers.
generated:A new generative model, inspired by stochastic Hamiltonian dynamics, has been submitted for publication in the journal Statistics.
original:The paper develops a diffusion-process based generative model that perturbs the data using a critically damped Langevin diffusion. The diffusion is set up through an auxiliary velocity term like in Hamiltonian dynamics. The idea is that picking a process that diffuses faster will lead to better results. The paper then constructs a new score matching objective adapted to this diffusion, along with a sampling scheme for critically damped Langevin score based generative models. The idea of a faster diffusion to make generative models is a good one. The paper is a solid accept. Reviewer tK3A was lukewarm as evidenced by their original 2 for empirical novelty that moved to a 3.
generated:A review of the paper, "An orthogonal classifier for any non-linear classifier", published in the Journal of Neural Networks.
original:This paper introduces the concept of classifier orthogonalization. This is a generalization of orthogonality of linear classifiers (linear classifiers with orthogonal weights) to the non-linear setting. It introduces the notion of a full and principal classifier, where the full classifier is one that minimizes the empirical risk, and the principal classifier is one that uses only partial information. The orthogonalization procedure assumes that the input domain, X can be divided into two sets of latent random variables Z1 and Z2 via a bijective mapping. The random variables Z1 are the principal random variables, and Z2 contains all other information. Z
generated:In our series of viewpoints on the latest research in machine learning, we will look at a paper that uses reinforcement learning (RL) to solve a particular problem in Inductive Logic Programming.
original:A novel method is described that uses RL to search for a rule set which predicts multiple relations at once for KBC-like problems. The rules can include latent predicates, which reduces the complexity of individual rules, similar to Cropper & Muggleton's (2015) meta-interpretive learning framework, which is usual for rule-learning systems. Another novel aspect is use of a cache memory for rules. Pros - the idea of using RL instead of carefully-designed discrete search for symbolic learning systems is a very nice novel idea - the experimental results are strong Cons - the benchmarks are synthetic (although GraphLog does at least include noise) - although the Cropper and Muggleton
generated:The authors of the paper REP-UCB have developed an algorithm that significantly reduces the sample complexity of the FLAMBE algorithm in an online setting.
original:In this paper, the authors extend the FLAMBE to the infinite-horizon MDP and largely improved the sample complexity of the representation learning in FLAMBE. Meanwhile, the authors also consider the offline representation learning with the same framework. Although there is still some computational issue in MLE for the linear MDP, the paper completes a solid step towards making linear MDP for practice. The paper could be impactful for the RL community. As the reviewers suggested, there are still several minors to be addressed: - The extension of the proposed algorithm for finite-horizon MDP should be added. - The directly comparison between the sample complexity of FLAMBE and the proposed algorithm
generated:I have some issues with the presentation of the experiments, and with the overall framing of the paper.
original:The paper revisits lossless compression using deep architecture. In contrast to main stream approaches, it suggests to make use of probabilistic circuits, introducing a novel class of tractable lossless compression models. Overall, the reviews agree that this is an interesting direction and a novel approach. I fully agree. Actually, I like that the paper is not just saying well, we could use a probabilistic circuit for ensure tractability but also shows that there is still a benefit of different variable orderings for encoding and decoding. In any case, adding probabilistic circuits to the "compression family" is valuable and also paves the way to novel hybrid approaches, combining neural networks and
generated:This paper provides a theoretical analysis of sim-to-real deployment via domain randomization.
original:This manuscript introduces a theoretical framework to analyze the sim2real transfer gap of policies learned via domain randomization algorithms. This work focusses on understanding the success of existing domain randomization algorithms through providing a theoretical analysis. The theoretical sim2real gap analysis requires two critical components: *uniform sampling* and *use of memory* **Strengths** All reviewers agree that this manuscript provides a strong theoretical analysis for an important problem (understanding sim2real gap) well written manuscript, and well motivated Intuitive understanding for theoretical analysis is provided **Weaknesses** analysis is limited to sim2real transfer without fine-tuning in the real world the manuscript doesn't provide a novel
generated:I found the paper to be well written and generally well-executed.
original:The paper investigates the use of equivariant neural network architectures for model-free reinforcement learning in the context of visuomotor robot manipulation tasks, exploiting rotational symmetries in an effort to improve sample efficiency. The paper first provides a formal definition and theoretical evaluation of a class of MDPs for which the reward and transition are invariant to group elements ("group-invariant MDPs"). It goes on to describe equivariant versions DQN, SAC, and learning from demonstration (LfD). Experiments on a set of different manipulation tasks reveal that the proposed architectures outperform contemporary baselines in terms of sample complexity and generalizability, while
generated:A study by Yao et al. (2020) shows that SCARF can outperform Info-NCE loss and non-contrastive learning methods on tabular data.
original:The paper explores self-supervised learning on tabular data and proposes a novel augmentation method via corrupting a random subset of features. The idea is simple but effective. Experiments include 69 datasets and compare with a number of methods. The result shows its superiority. It would be inspiring more work for SSL on the tabular domain.
generated:A new way to detect deepfake images has been proposed by Yu and Wang 2020.
original:The paper proposes and studies a method for the responsible disclosure of a fingerprint along with samples generated by a generative model, which has important applications in identifying "deep fakes". The authors establish both the detectability of their fingerprint-without significant loss of fidelity-as well as the robustness to perturbations. The reviewers found the problem and contributions to be important and significant, well substantiated by an extensive experimental study.
generated:A recent paper in The Journal of Machine Learning Research, by Will Grathwohl, Kevin Swersky, Milad Hashemi, David Duvenaud, and Chris J Maddison, proposes a new way to efficiently explore large neighborhoods via auxiliary paths.
original:This paper provides a novel path auxiliary algorithm for more efficiently exploring discrete state spaces within a Metropolis-Hastings sampler for energy based models. In particular, it essentially replaces the "single site update" by instead proposing an entire path using local information, thus enabling the chain to take larger steps, which can improve acceptance/mixing significantly as they demonstrate. The work is a timely contribution that improves upon exciting recent work. After much discussion among several knowledgeable reviewers and clarifications regarding some details of the main theorem from the authors, there is consensus that the contributions are correct, novel, and likely of impact to the machine learning community. Since the revision period, the empirical evaluations have also
generated:This paper presents a way to train an affordance classifier that can predict which subtasks are possible and which ones are not.
original:This paper proposes a hierarchical reinforcement learning approach that exploits affordances to better explore/prune the subtasks, and thus making the overall learning more efficient. The idea of the paper is novel and interesting. After the rebuttal, all the reviewers agree that the paper is a solid contribution. Therefore, I recommend acceptance of this paper.
generated:Hierarchical DivNoising (HDN) is a novel unsupervised method that outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for denoising images.
original:A multi-scale hierarchical variational autoencoder based technique is developed for unsupervised image denoising and artefact removal. The method is shown to achieve state of the art performance on several datasets. Further, the multi-scale latent representation leads to an interpretable visualization of the denoising process. The reviewers unanimously recommend acceptance.
generated:An interesting manuscript has been published in the Journal of Neural Networks, and I would like to ask a few questions about it.
original:Thank you for your submission to ICLR. The reviewers and I are in agreement that the paper presents a substantial contribution to the field at the intersection of differentiable simulation and ML methods. In particular, the half-inverse method is compelling, non-obvious, and hints of a nice path forward towards the goal of practical differentiable simulations within models. Overall I'm happy to recommend the paper be accepted.
generated:The reviewer has given a 7.5 out of 10 to this paper, which uses neural networks to model potential reward gains for exploration.
original:Summary: This paper studies the neural contextual bandit problem, and proposes a neural-based bandit approach with a novel exploration strategy, called EE-Net. Besides utilizing a neural network (Exploitation network) to learn the reward function, EE-Net also uses another neural network (Exploration network) to adaptively learn potential gains compared to currently estimated reward. Discussions: The reviewers appreciated the novelty and the quality of the ideas and results in this paper. Most questions were about details in algorithm design choices and in the analysis. The authors have addressed these questions and updated their draft. The reviewers have now reached a consensus and recommend accepting this paper. Recommendation: Accept.
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have proposed a new way to train and train LSTMs.
original:The authors propose a rank coding scheme for recurrent neural networks (RNNs) - inspired by spiking neural networks - in order to improve inference times at the classification of sequential data. The basic idea is to train the RNN to classify the sequence early - even before the full sequence has been observed. They also introduce a regularisation term that allows for a speed-accuracy trade-off. The method is tested on two toy-tasks as well as on temporal MNIST and Google Speech Commands. The results are very good, typically improving inference time with very little loss in accuracy. Furthermore, the idea seems novel and the paper is well written. An initial criticism was that experiments
generated:Salman et al. (2020) present the first work to tackle the problem of query-based black-box defense.
original:All reviewers have converged to an unanimous rating of the paper, highlighting, in the paper or during the discussion, many strengths, including a compelling approach clearly relevant to applications and its solid range of experiments. A clear accept, and I would encourage the authors to push in the final version the experiments and discussions following the threads with reviewers (in particular, Vo8C and ULvk). Thanks also to authors and reviewers for a thorough discussion which helped to strengthen further the paper's content. AC.
generated:A review of the paper "RelaxLoss to defend privacy leakage", which was published in the Journal of Neural Information Systems (JNI).
original:The paper proposes an approach and specific training algorithm to defend against membership inference attacks (MIA) in machine learning models. Existing MIA attacks are relatively simple and rely on the test loss distribution at the query point and therefore the proposed algorithm sets a positive target mean training loss value and applies gradient ascent if the average loss of current training batch is smaller than it (in addition to the standard gradient descent step). The submission gives extensive experimental results demonstrating advantage over existing defense methods on several benchmarks. The primary limitation of the work is that it defends only against rather naive existing attacks which do not examine the model (but rely only on the loss functions).
generated:Pihlaja et al 2012 has been accepted for publication in the journal Stochastic Optimization.
original:This contribution investigates and takes a step back on an important problem in recent ML, namely the impact of the noise distribution in density estimation using Noise Contrastive Estimation. The work offers both theoretical insights and convincing experiments. For these reasons, this work should be endorsed for publication at ICLR 2022.
generated:A differentiable physics engine that can find the contact points for multiple-step manipulation tasks has been proposed in a paper published in the journal Physical Review Letters.
original:The reviewers are unanimous that this is a strong submission that deserves to be accepted.
generated:The authors of this paper have proposed a simple method to fine-tune existing code translation models without the need to manually curate parallel data.
original:This paper is about unsupervised translation between programming languages. The main positive is that it introduces the idea of using a form of unit test generation and execution behavior within a programming language back-translation setup, and it puts together together a number of pieces in an interesting way: text-to-text transformers, unit test generation, execution and code coverage. Results show a substantial improvement. The main weaknesses are that there are some caveats that need to be made, such as the (heuristic, not learned) way that test cases are translated across languages is not fully general, and that limits the applicability. There are also some cases where I find that the authors are stretching claims a
generated:Poulson (2019) presents an efficient "sub-linear-time" sampling algorithm for NDPPs.
original:This is an exciting paper that provide the efficient algorithms for exact sampling from NDPPs along with theoretical results that are very pertinent in and out themselves. The AC agree with the reviewers that the authors satisfactorily addressed the concerns raised in the reviews, and is convinced that the revised version will be greatly appreciated by the community. We very much encourage the authors to pursue this line of work and in particular to overcome the practical restriction to the ONDPP subclass.
generated:A review of the work by Bradshaw, Gottipatti and Horwood on the generation of synthesis trees, which was published in NeurIPS in 2020.
original:After much back and forth about prior work, 3 reviewers score this paper as an 8 and one scores it as a 3. Other reviewers have written to the 3 and told them they believe that their review is now too harsh, in light of clarifications w. r. t. related work. I tend to agree, though I must admit that I am not an expert on this topic. Given that there is almost unanimous support for accepting and it's possible that the one hold-out has not seen some of the extra information, I recommend acceptance. Given the praise from the other three reviewers, I moreover recommend a spotlight.
generated:A review of the research published in the Journal of the American Chemical Society (JAS).
original:This paper proposes use of a novel generative modelling approach, over both sequences and structure of proteins, to co-design the CDR region of antibodies so achieve good binding/neutralization. The reviewers are in agreement that the problem is one of importance, and that the technical and empirical contributions are strong. There are concerns over the relevance of evaluating the method by using a predictive model as ground truth. Still, the overall contributions remain.
generated:The authors of this paper have shown that their method for predicting churn is more efficient than other approaches.
original:The paper introduces a procedure to control the churn (i. e. differences in the predictive model due o retraining) using distillation. This is a strong paper, with novel technique which is clearly presented, and is backed by sound theory. The experimental results were also deemed extremely convincing by reviewers TJ4g and pZBb. Reviewer nqfu raised a question about the similarities between churn reduction and domain adaptation. The authors have addressed this by pointing out similarities to their work but also noting that, in the settings mentioned by the reviewer, alternative approaches such as completely retraining the model might be more appropriate. This part of the rebuttal is convincing. Reviewer TJ4
generated:Instrumental variable regression is an important problem to tackle for a number of application fields.
original:This paper proposes a method that uses conditional moment restriction methods to estimate causal parameters in non-parametric instrumental variable settings. This is done by converting to an unconditional moment restriction setting common in the econometrics causal inference literature. The paper was reviewed quite favorably by reviewers, and the authors updated the manuscript to address specific issues raised by reviewers.
generated:A new version of Lorraine et al. (2019) has been published on the arXiv.org website.
original:The paper provides a method for with tuning continuous hyperparameters (HPs). It is closely related to a previous work (Lorraine, 2019) that was limited to certain HPs, and in particular could not be applied to HPs controlling the learning such as learning rate, momentum, and are known to be influential to the convergence and overall performance (for non-convex objectives). The reviews indicate a uniform opinion that the paper tackles an important problem, that its methods provide a non-trivial improvement over previous techniques and in particular those of (Lorrain, 2019), and that the provided experiments are extensive and convincing. The initial reviews had several concerns about technical
generated:This is a very well-written and well-researched paper on Reinforcement Learning (IV-RL).
original:The reviewers unanimously appreciated the clarity of the work as well as the framing of the proposed method. Congratulations.
generated:A review of the paper: Sparse Neural Networks from Scratch: A One-Shot Pruning Framework.
original:This work considers one-shot pruning in deep neural networks. The main departure from previous work is to consider stochastic Frank-Wolfe. The reported results are convincing although a number of baselines were missing from the initial submission. The authors provide a balanced account of the strengths and weaknesses of the proposed approach. The authors adequately addressed the concerns of the reviewers. For instance they ran additional experiments to compare to missing pruning baselines. I would encourage the authors to revise the manuscript by including the missing related work, the additional clarification discussions (e. g., motivation for K-sparse constraints, follow-up analysis, and cost per iteration) and to include the additional experiments
generated:A paper has been published in the Journal of Neural Networks which presents a novel approach to learning.
original:This work propose to learn hierarchical skill representations that, as opposed to prior work, consist of both discrete and continuous latent variables. Specifically, this work proposes to learn 3 level hierarchy via a hierarchical mixture latent variable model from offline data. For test time usage and adaptation on down-stream tasks, the manuscript proposes two ways of utilizing the learned hierarchy in RL settings. **Strengths** A novel method to learn hierarchical representations with mixed (discrete/continuous) latent variables is proposed Detailed experimental evaluation, and baseline comparisons, show promising results **Weaknesses** There were various clarity issues as pointed out by the reviewers (fixed in rebuttal phase) The related work was missing relevant work
generated:A new method for maximising AUC loss has been proposed in a paper published in the journal Annals of Oncology.
original:I recommend this paper to be accepted. All reviewers are in agreement that this paper is above the bar.
generated:A review of the paper by Bian, T., Wu, J., Krause, A., & Huang, J.
original:In this paper, the authors generalize the univariate Shapley method to bivariate Shapley method. The authors first build a directly graph based on the asymmetric bivariate Shapley value (adding feature j to all sets contained feature i). Then several graph algorithms are applied to analyze the directly graph to derive (1) univariate feature importance available in univariate approach and (2) relations like mutually redundancy only available in bivariate approaches. Experiments on several datasets with comparison to existing methods demonstrated the superiority of the proposed method. All reviews are positive.
generated:A review of the paper on the lottery ticket effect on learning in reinforcement learning (RL).
original:This paper studies the Lottery Ticket hypothesis in reinforcement learning for identifying good sparse representations for low-dimensional tasks. The paper received initial reviews tended towards acceptance. However, the reviewers had some clarification questions and concerns. The authors provided a thoughtful rebuttal. The paper was discussed and most reviewers updated their reviews in the post-rebuttal phase. Reviewers generally agree that the paper should be accepted but still have good feedback. AC agrees with the reviewers and suggests acceptance. However, the authors are urged to look at reviewers' feedback and incorporate their comments in the camera-ready.
generated:The authors of this paper show that self-supervised learning (SSL) is more robust to dataset imbalance than supervised learning (SL).
original:This paper is proposed to investigate the robustness of self-supervised learning (SSL) and supervised learning (SL) in both balanced (in domain) and imbalanced (out of domain) settings. It can be concluded that SL can regularly learn better representations than SSL, and representations are better from balanced than from imbalanced datasets. The SSL is more robust than SL in the imbalanced settings, which is the crucial of this paper. Expect the experimental results, the authors also provided theoretical analysis to support their claims. The authors also extend a well-established method SAM into the Reweighted SAM as the technical contribution to better address the imbalanced setting. The paper is well written with
generated:A paper has been published at the ICLR conference that presents a novel way to solve the problem of understanding the structure of nuclear molecules.
original:This paper builds on the success of the FermiNet neural wave function framework by pairing it with a graph neural network which predicts the parameters of neural wave function from the geometry. The resulting PESNet trains significantly faster, with no loss of accuracy. This method constitutes an important advance in ML-powered quantum mechanical calculations. The reviewers unanimously recommend acceptance.
generated:A review of the paper by Jin et al, 2020, which proposes a new approach to the reward-free exploration problem.
original:This paper addresses the reward-free exploration problem with function approximation under linear mixture MDP assumption. The analysis shows that the proposed algorithm is (nearly) minimax optimal. The proposed approach can work with any planning solver to provide an ( ϵ+ϵopt )-optimal policy for any reward function. After reading the authors' feedback and discussing their concerns, the reviewers agree that the contributions in this paper are valuable and that this paper deserves publication. I encourage the authors to follow the reviewers' suggestions as they will prepare the camera-ready version.
generated:A new method to discover novel classes (L2DNC) in OmniGolt has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Machine Learning.
original:All reviewers believe that this paper is valuable, and the authors have made a significant, careful contribution. Some suggestions from the area chair: - "in causality" is not a standard technical term and also not non-technical idiomatic English, so it should be explained the first time it is used. - The authors should briefly cite and discuss research on so-called positive and unlabeled (PU) learning. This seems like the special case where there is exactly one known class and one novel class. The distinction between sampling in causality and labeling in causality appears in the PU literature, though not under this name. - The authors could also mention the obvious but surprising point that
generated:I've just read your paper on constrained optimization with Bayesian world models, and I have a few questions about it.
original:The paper describes a new model-based RL technique for constrained MDPs based on Bayesian world models. It improves sample efficiency and safety. The reviewers are unanimous in their recommendation for acceptance. This represents an important advance in RL. Great work!
generated:This is a very insightful paper with strong theoretical and empirical results and good writing.
original:Wide agreement from the reviewers. Interesting theorems. Empirical work illustrates the theory. Claim and insight: failure of VAEs is caused by the inherent limitations of ELBO learning with inflexible encoder distribution. Good discussion pointed out related work and insights from the experiments.
generated:A number of papers have been published at this year's meeting of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI).
original:The paper describes a framework that unifies several previous lines under hindsight information matching. Within that framework, the paper also describes variants of the decision transformer (DT) called categorical DT and unsupervised DT. The rebuttal was quite effective and the reviewers confirmed that their concerns are addressed. The revised version of the paper is significantly improved and consists of an important contribution that should interested many researchers. Well done!
generated:The link described in this work is interesting and the novel algorithms proposed contain significant differences to existing sequence optimization techniques.
original:The paper investigates various approaches, and a unifying framework, for sequence design. There were a variety of opinions about the paper. It was felt, after discussion, that the paper would benefit from a sharper focus, and somewhat suffers from being overwhelmed by various approaches, lacking a clear narrative. But overall all reviewers had a positive sentiment, and the paper makes a nice contribution to the growing body of work on protein design.
generated:A new deep learning (DL) model that uses periodicity to model time series forecasting has been published in the Journal of Machine Learning.
original:The paper proposed a novel deep learning model specifically designed for periodic time series forecasting problems. The approach includes lay-by-layer expansion, residual learning, and periodic parametrization. The model outperforms state-of-the-art baselines on several time series forecasting benchmarks. The reviewers appreciate the extensive experimental results, but also suggested improvement on writing and comparison regarding the parameter efficiency of the model.
generated:A review of the main paper, which describes a series of experiments to test the robustness of the maximum mean discrepancy (MMD) model.
original:This paper provides an overview of evaluating graph generative models (GGMs). It systematically evaluates one of the more popular metrics, maximum mean discrepancy (MMD). It highlights some challenges and pitfalls for practitioners and suggests some ways to mitigate them. The reviewers found the paper practically relevant and several reviewers upgraded their scores through the discussion process. The authors acknowledged there are still some remaining issues regarding (i) considering other metrics & descriptor functions; ii) evaluating node/edge attributes and iii) addressing molecule generation. I am satisfied that these areas are beyond the scope of the current work and that the clarification improvements in the paper are adequate. It stands well enough on its own to accept in its present form
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published a paper that claims to be the world’s most efficient method of estimating uncertainty in machine learning.
original:This paper presents a method for producing higher quality uncertainty estimates by mapping the predictions from an arbitrary (e. g. deep learning) model to an exponential family distribution. This is achieved by using the model to map from the inputs to a low-dimensional latent space and then using a normalizing flow to map to the parameters of the distribution. The authors show empirically that this improves over a variety of baselines on a number of OOD and uncertainty quantification tasks. This paper received 5 reviews who all agreed that the paper should be accepted (6, 6, 8, 8, 8). The reviewers in general found the method novel compared to existing literature, compelling and the results strong.
generated:A new method for training artificial agents to become more altruistic has been published in the journal Artificial Intelligence.
original:This work proposed a method for encouraging an agent showing altruistic behaviour towards another agent (leader) without having access to the leader's reward function. The basic idea is based on the hypothesis that having the ability to reach many future states (i. e., called choice) is useful for the leader agent, no matter what it reward function is. The altruistic agent learns a policy that maximizes the choice of the leader agent. The paper defines three notions of choice, and evaluates them on four environments. The reviewers believe that this work attempts to solve an important problem, proposes a novel approach, and performs reasonably good experiments. The reviewers are all on the positive side at the end of the
generated:A new method for learning coordination graphs has been proposed by Navid Naderializadeh, Fan H. Hung, Sean Soleyman, Deepak Khosla and Shushman Choudhury.
original:All reviewers found that the paper offers interesting contributions for multi-agent RL and favour acceptance of the paper. The strengths of the paper are summarized below: - Good algorithmic contribution - Offers a new set of benchmark tasks for coordination in MARL settings - Exhaustive experiments on complex tasks with a reasonable number of agents - All the issues raised by the reviewers (missing references, missing discussion of limitations...) have been satisfactorliy addressed. I therefore join the reviewers in the recommendation to accept the paper.
generated:One of the first papers to be submitted to ICLR was by Li et al.
original:This paper presents a theoretical analysis of the approximation properties of linear recurrent encoder-decoder architectures, obtaining universal approximation results and subsequently showing approximation rates of targets for RNN encoder-decoders. It introduces a notion of "temporal products," which helps to characterize the types of temporal relationships that can be efficiently learned in this setting. Overall, the reviewers and I all agree that this paper makes important theoretical contributions to the important problem of the approximation capabilities of encoder-decoder architectures. The main weaknesses involve the rather simplified linear problem setup, but this limitation is easily forgiven in this first-of-its-kind rigorous analysis. I recommend acceptance.
generated:The authors of Pixelated Butterfly present a compelling study that supports part of the claims of the paper.
original:This is an intriguing work that introduces a novel sparse training technique. The core insight is a novel reparametrization or sparsity pattern based on the so-called butterfly matrices that enables fast training and good generalization. The theory is solid and useful. Most importantly, the method is novel and is likely to become impactful. Understanding better what contributes to the excellent performance is an interesting question for future work. In agreement with all the reviewers, it is my pleasure to accept the work.
generated:A review of the paper "Improving Bi-Real Net with block-wise quantization and multiple-steps binarization on activation", by Duy H. Le and Tuan V. Pham.
original:This paper proposes Adam and Momentum optimizers, where the optimizer state variables are quantized to 8bit using block dynamics quantization. These modifications significantly improve the memory requirements of training models with many parameters (mainly, NLP models). These are useful contributions which will enable training even larger models than possible today. All reviewers were positive.
generated:A paper by Freeman and Simoncelli on the robustness of nets to adversarial attacks has been discussed at ICLR.
original:This paper shows that images synthesized to match adversarially robust representations are similar to original images to humans when viewed peripherally. This was not true for adversarially non-robust representations. Additionally the adversarially robust representations were similar to the texform model image from a model of human peripheral vision. Reviewers increased their score a lot during the rebuttal period as the authors provided more details on the experiments and agreed to tone down some of the claims (especially the strong claim that the robust representations capture peripheral computation similar to current SOA texture peripheral vision models). As well stated by reviewer s6dV, two representations with the same null-space are not necessarily the same
generated:We are pleased to announce that our dynamic convolutional kernels (ODConv) method has been accepted for publication in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:This paper presents ODConv, a convolution pattern which uses attention in the convolutions across all dimensions of the weight tensor. The paper is well motivated and well explained, easy to follow. This work is built on top of previous work, but reviewers all agree that the contributions of this paper are significant. The experimental section is comprehensive, with several benchmarks, and show clear improvements. The reviewers suggested a few additional remarks, and discussions to add to the paper, which the authors have addressed in the rebuttal. Reviewers seem in general happy with the authors answers to their concerns. This seems like a sound and meaningful paper. I am fully in favour of acceptance, and I recommend
generated:Using the class token to guide image token selection seems reasonable and is well motivated by the observations (Fig. 1 and Table 1).
original:The paper presents an approach to select visual tokens in images and reorganize them for the object classification, within Transformers. All four reviewers find the paper interesting and novel, and they are also very positive about the experimental results. The authors also addressed minor concerns of the reviewers successfully through the discussion phase, clarifying details and adding experiments. We recommend accepting the paper.
generated:The authors of this paper have found a novel way to recover closed-form ODEs in a tumor growth experiment.
original:This paper introduces a new technique for discovering closed-form functional forms (ordinary differential equations) that explain noisy observed trajectories x(t) where the "label" x'(t) = f(x(t), t) is not observed, but without trying to approximate it. The method first tries to approximate a smoother trajector x^hat(t), then relies on a variational formulation using a loss function over functionals {C_j}_j, defined in terms of an orthonormal basis {g_1, …, g_S} of sampling functions such that the sum of squares of all the C_j approximates the theoretical distance between f
generated:The SMILES-TRANSFORMER method for generating molecular graphs has been described in a paper published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:This paper proposes a spanning tree-based graph generation framework for molecular graph generation, which is an interesting problem. The tree-based approach is efficient and relatively effective in molecular graph generation tasks, and the empirical results are convincing. There were some concerns during the initial reviews, but all of them have been addressed during the discussion phase. Thus, I recommend this work be accepted.
generated:A review of a paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, which aims to improve the planning algorithms used in AlphaZero and MuZero.
original:The paper presents improvements to AlphaZero and MuZero for settings where one is restricted in the number of rollouts. The initial response from reviewers was generally favorable but the reviewers wanted more details and clarifications of multiple parts of the paper, and further intuition about the Gumbel distribution. The authors’ responses were detailed and convinced or maintained strong positive support of most reviewers. The authors also stated that they plan to provide a release of the code and also provided a policy improvement proof. Overall this is an interesting approach that is likely to be of significant interest to many.
generated:Barber et al. ( 2019b) present a novel method for training convolutional neural networks.
original:In this paper, a new learning scheme for minimizing the confidence set by conformal prediction is proposed. Most of the reviewers agree that the idea is interesting and novel. This is an important contribution to trustworthy ML, with theoretically sound considerations and thorough experimental validation.
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published a paper on the generalizability of multi-task models for NLP tasks.
original:This paper studies constructing text2text transformer models that are good at zero-shot task generalization via multi-task learning over a diverse set of NLP tasks. One main contribution of the work is to create prompt templates for various NLP tasks (that are of different task formats) such that all tasks can be framed into text2text learning format and that is "natural" to the pretrained T6 model. The paper conducts extensive experiments to demonstrate the promising zero-shot generalization ability of such multi-task learner. Strength: - Important problem setup that has broad applications - Extensive experiments to validate the claims - Useful resources are developed for the problem Weakness: - Good
generated:The authors of a new paper have proposed a new way to learn meta-parameters in a continuous-time setting.
original:This paper addresses a continuous-time formulation of gradient-based meta-learning (COMLN) where the adaptation is the solution of a differential equations. In general, outer loop optimization requires backpropagating over trajectories involving gradient updates in the inner loop optimization. It is claimed that one of main advantages of COMLN is able to compute the exact meta-gradients in a memory-efficient way, regardless of the length of adaptation trajectory. To this end, the forward-mode differentiation is used, with exploiting the Jacobian matrix decomposition. All the reviewers agree that the derivation of memory-efficient forward-mode differentiation is a significant contribution in the few-shot learning
generated:A review of the paper, "Perceptual and psycho-physical distances: an empirical study", published in TID 2013.
original:All reviewers suggest acceptance of this paper, which reports the relationship between perceptual distances, data distributions, and contemporary unsupervised machine learning methods. I believe this paper will be of broad interest to different communities at ICLR.
generated:The main result of this paper is that random initialization can replace the need for explicit orthogonality constraint in DPCP.
original:The paper looks at subspace recovery in the presence of outliers, of which there have been many formulations. They study a recent formulation, DPCP, but relax the requirement that the dimension of the subspace is known -- obviously very important in practice. The approach is quite clever: they exploit the fact that for this non-convex problem, starting a simple algorithm at a randomly chosen starting point will converge to a local minimizer, and they can run an ensemble of these algorithms (each with different starting points) and be guaranteed the solutions will span an appropriate subspace. This idea alone is a nice contribution. The paper has theory and experiments. Most reviewers were positive about
generated:Researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have submitted a paper to the journal Neural Networks.
original:This paper studies the memorization power of Relu Neural networks and obtains sharp bounds in terms of parameters. The writing is very clear and the results very interesting.
generated:This paper has been published on arXiv, but I would like to hear your thoughts on it.
original:This paper presents an approach to synthesize programmatic policies, utilizing a continuous relaxation of program semantics and a parameterization of the full program derivation tree, to make it possible to learn both the program parameters and program structures jointly using policy gradient without the need to imitate an oracle. The parameterization of the full program derivation tree that can represent all programs up to a certain depth is interesting and novel. In its current form this won’t scale to large programs that require large tree depth, but is a promising first step in this direction. The learned programmatic policies are more structured and interpretable, and also demonstrated competitive performance against other commonly used RL algorithms. During the reviewing
generated:A general-purpose optimizer (SAM) can replace the heavy image augmentations used by ViTs and MLP-Mixers, according to a paper published in the Journal of Machine Learning.
original:### Description The paper demonstrates that efficient architectures such as transformers and MLP-mixers, which do not utilize translational equivariance in the design, when regularized with SAM (sharpness aware minimization) can achieve same or better performance as convolutional networks, in the vision problems where the convolutional networks were traditionally superior (with data augmentation or not, regularized or not). The paper demonstrates it very thoroughly through many experiments and analysis of the loss surfaces. ### Decision + Discussion I find the paper to be very timely in its context. It has a remarkable coverage of experimental studies and different use cases: SAM + augmentation, +contrastive, +
generated:The authors of HyperDistill, a new method for distilling image data, have published a paper in the journal Machine Learning.
original:This paper presents a novel methodology for performing meta learning for gradient-based hyperparameter optimization. The approach overcomes limitations (scaling, e. g.) of previous methods through distilling the gradients of the hyperparameters. The paper received 4 reviews, of which all were positive (6, 6, 8, 8). The reviewers appreciated the technical clarity of the paper and found the proposed approach sensible, novel, technically sophisticated and effective. The main concerns were regarding the comprehensiveness of the experiments and technical presentation of the dataset distillation. It seems that the reviewers found the author response (lots of results were added) satisfactory regarding these points. Thus the recommendation is to accept
generated:The authors of a new paper in the Journal of Neural Networks show that there is a sparse approximation bound for a neural network representation.
original:The authors extend the result of Ongie et al. (2019) and derive sparseneural network approximation bounds that refine previous results. The reuslts are quite ineteresting and relevant to ICLR. All the reviewers were positive about this paper.
generated:The first draft of a proposed LEM for speech recognition and ASR has been published.
original:The paper proposes a new recurrent architecture based on discretization of ODEs which allow for learning multi-scale representations and help with the vanishing gradient problem. The reviewers all agree this architecture is novel and provide substantial theoretical and empirical evidence. A strong accept.
generated:A review of the paper "Anomaly Transformer for Reducing False Positives of Satellite Systems".
original:The paper proposed a novel approach that leverages the discrepancies between the (global) series association and the (local) prior association for detecting anomalies in time series. The authors provided detailed empirical support to motivate the above detection criterion, and introduced a two-branch attention architecture for modeling the discrepancies and establishing an anomaly score. All reviewers acknowledge the technical novelty of this work (including the key insight of modeling anomalousness with Transformer’s self-attention and concrete training mechanism via a minimax optimization process) as well as the comprehensiveness of the empirical study. Meanwhile, there were some concerns in the positioning of the work, in particular in the clarity in connection to related work
generated:Dhariwal and Nichol, 2021, present a novel approach to the generation of SDEs by distilling the model in a progressive way.
original:This paper presents a faster sampling method for diffusion based generative models which are usually slow in practice. The key idea is based a progressive distillation approach (e. g., how to distill a 4 step sampler into a 1 step sampler). The paper studies the various design choices for diffusion models which existing work hasn't looked at that deeply and sheds light on the effects of these choices. The paper also shows that DDIM can be seen as a numerical integrator for probability flow ODE. The experimental results are impressive. There were some concerns such as the effect of progressive distillation and the overhead of distilling the diffusion model but the authors provided a satisfactory response and backed it
generated:This is a very promising paper, but many aspects of it are worrisome.
original:This paper studies the dependency of SGD convergence on order of examples. The main observation of the paper is: if the averages of consecutive stochastic gradients converge faster to the full gradient, then the SGD with the corresponding sampling strategy will have a faster convergence rate. For different sampling strategies, sampling with replacement has slower convergence in stochastic gradient, where sampling without replacement can converge faster. The paper also proposes two new algorithms that can improve convergence rates in some interesting settings. The reviewers find the analysis clean and the new algorithms are interesting. There is some concern on the dependency on n or d for the faster rate, which should be discussed more clearly in the final version of the
generated:A study of the generalization of deep neural networks trained with SGD has been accepted for publication in the Journal of Machine Learning.
original:This article introduces an interesting variant of the work of Nakkiran & Bansal (2020). It shows empirically that the test error of deep models can be approximated from the disagreement on the unlabelled test data between two different trainings on the same data. The authors then show theoretically that a calibration property can explain such behaviour, and they report experiments showing that the relationship does exist in practical situations. All reviewers agree on the practical and theoretical value of the article, which is very well organised and written. The ideas developed here are likely to lead to further work in the future, and they clearly deserve to be published at ICLR. I agree with one of the reviewers
generated:GPM, a novel approach to exploration, has been presented at this year’s ACM conference on reinforcement learning.
original:This paper proposes an alternative approach to epsilon-greedy exploration by instead generating multi-step plans from an RNN, and then stochastically determining whether to continue with the plan or re-plan. The reviewers agreed that this idea is novel and interesting, that the paper is well-written, and that the evaluations are convincing, showing large improvements over epsilon-greedy exploration and more consistently strong performance than other baselines. While the original reviews contained some questions around discussion of related work and the simplicity of the evaluation environments, the reviewers felt these concerns were adequately addressed by the rebuttal. I agree the paper explores a very interesting idea and convincingly demonstrates its potential
generated:The paper has been submitted to the International Conference on Reinforcement Learning (ICML).
original:This paper makes significant advances in offline reinforcement learning by proposing a new approach of being pessimistic to deal with uncertainties in the offline data. The proposed approach uses bootstrapped Q-functions to quantify the uncertainty, which by itself is not new, and introduces additional data based on the pseudo-target that is penalized by the uncertainty quantification. The use of such additional data is the first of a kind, and the paper provides theoretical support for the case of linear MDP and empirical support with the D4RL benchmark. The reviewers had originally raised concerns or confusions regarding theoretical analysis and experiments. The authors have well responded to them, and no major concerns remain.
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a novel way to improve the expressive power of graph convolutional networks.
original:Improving the expressiveness of GNN is an important problem in the current graph learning community. Its key idea is to generate subgraphs from the original graph, then encode the subgraphs into the message passing process of GNN. The proposed method is proven to be strictly more powerful than 1-WL. The authors also quantize how design choices such as the subgraph selection policy and equivariant neural architecture can affect the architecture’s expressive power. After the rebuttal, all reviewers are glad to accept this submission. During the discussion, while reviewer B3oK has shown some concerns on the concurrent works in NeurIPS 2021, it should not affect the
generated:An interesting paper has been published in the arXiv journal on the topic of deep learning.
original:The paper presents an empirical analysis of Vision Transformers - and in particular multi-headed self-attention - and ConvNets, with a focus on optimization-related properties (loss landscape, Hessian eigenvalues). The paper shows that both classes of models have their strengths and weaknesses and proposes a hybrid model that takes the best of both worlds and demonstrates good empirical performance. Reviewers are mostly very positive about the paper. Main pro is that analysis is important and this paper does a thorough job at it and draws some useful insights. There are several smaller issues with the presentation and the details of the content, but the authors did a good job addressing these in their responses. Overall, it
generated:The authors of a new paper have proposed an approach to SBI inference that combines multiple existing techniques into one coherent approach.
original:The authors propose a well-presented approach to likelihood-free inference. The reviewers are all in alignment in recommending this paper for acceptance. There was a healthy discussion between authors and reviewers, where the authors have already incorporated many of their recommendations. The potential for this methodology to be applied to situations with expensive simulators should be intriguing to a broad audience. As a result, I recommend for this paper to be accepted as a spotlight.
generated:This paper has been published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:The paper modifies DPMs by replacing the denoising L2 losses with GANs to learn the iterative denoising process. This leads to excellent results using a small number of refinement steps. In some sense, this also takes away one of the key advantages of DPMs over GANs, which is DPMs minimize a well-defined objective function. Nevertheless, the results are convincing, but not spectacular. I am not convinced that we should continue to report training FID on CIFAR-10. I would have like to see class-conditional ImageNet results. Also, it is not clear whether the proposed technique provides additional gains on top
generated:The authors of the paper InImNet: An alternative approach to Neural ODEs have published a proof of concept for their proposed algorithm in the journal Artificial Intelligence.
original:The authors presents an alternative view of Neural ODEs, offering a novel understanding of depth in neural networks. The reviewers were overall impressed by the novelty and potential for insights this work brings. There was some disappointment that the empirical results were not stronger (both in terms of pure performance and computational cost) and that it wasn't clear how the theoretical insights into depth actually translated into a practical insight. Nevertheless, I agree with the reviewers that this is a good submission and would I think make for an interesting addition to the conference programme.
generated:The authors of the paper InFeR: A Neural Network Theory and Practice have published their findings in the journal Neuron.
original:The paper analyzes the learning behavior of deep networks inside RL algorithms, and proposes an interesting hypothesis: that many of the observed difficulties in deep RL methods stem from _capacity loss_ of the trained network (that is, the network loses the ability to adapt quickly to fit new functions). As the paper points out, some of these difficulties have popularly been attributed to other causes (such as difficulties in exploration) or to less-specific causes (such as reward sparsity: the paper proposes that capacity loss mediates observed problems due to sparsity). The paper investigates its hypothesis two ways: first by attempting to measure how capacity varies over time during training of existing deep RL methods, and second
generated:A new method for tackling measurement shifts has been proposed by Liu, Yuang, Wei Zhang and Jun Wang at the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition.
original:The paper aims to solve the source-free domain adaptation, specifically on measurement shift. The proposed method lowers the domain gap via restoring the source feature distribution with a lightweight approximation. The effectiveness and performance are well validated by extensive experiments on various datasets compared with other recent methods, and the ablation analysis supports the claim of the paper well. The paper is well written with clear logic to follow.
generated:The authors of this paper have found a way to improve the performance of Natural Language Models (LMs).
original:This paper presents a novel framing of what's at stake when selecting/segmenting text for use in language model pretraining. Four reviewers with experience working with these models agreed that the conceptual and theoretical work here is insightful and worth sharing. The empirical work is fairly small-scale and does not yet support broad conclusions, but reviewers did not see such conclusions as necessary for the paper to be valuable.
generated:A new paper in the journal Computational Linguistics argues for scaling up emergent communication experiments.
original:This manuscript expands the range of recent work in reinforcement learning for language games to much larger and more realistic datasets. A timely and relevant contribution and one that is well evaluated. Further work in stabilizing RL approaches for such large-scale problems is likely to have other far-reaching consequences. Reviewers were unanimous that this is a strong submission after the author discussion period.
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a novel approach to the problem of learning superclass-subclass structures in the zero-shot classification domain.
original:This work presents an approach to learning good representations for few-shot learning when supervision is provided at the super-class level and is otherwise missing at the sub-class level. After some discussion with the authors, all reviewers are supportive of this work being accepted. Two reviewers were even supportive of this work being presented at least as a spotlight. The approach presented is well motivated, experiments demonstrate its value and include a nice application in the medical domain, making the work stand out relatively to most work in few-shot classification. Therefore, I'm happy to recommend this work be accepted and receive a spotlight presentation.
generated:A new method for hyperparameter optimization for logistic regression and DEQs has been proposed in a paper published in the journal Machine Learning.
original:The paper considers the setting of bi-level optimization and proposes a quasi-Newton scheme to reduce the cost of Jacobian inversion, which is the main bottleneck of bi-level optimization methods. The paper proves that the proposed scheme correctly estimates the true implicit gradient. The theoretical results are supported by numerical experiments, which are encouraging and show that the proposed method is either competitive with or outperforms the Jacobian Free method recently proposed in the literature. Even though the reviews expressed some initial concerns regarding the empirical performance of the proposed method, the authors adequately addressed those concerns and provided additional experiments. Thus, a consensus was reached that the paper should be accepted.
generated:This paper shows a novel lower bound on the deployment complexity for deterministic policy and arbitrary policy when MDPs are linear.
original:The authors’ present a precise definition of deployment efficient RL, where each new update of the policy may be costly, and theoretically analyze this for finite-horizon linear MDPs. The authors include an information-theoretic lower bound for the number of deployments required. The reviewers found this an important setting of interest and appreciated the theoretical contributions. The authors’ carefully addressed the raised points and also addressed questions about deployment complexity and sample complexity in their revised work. One weakness of the paper is that it does not provide empirical results and the linear MDP assumption, while quite popular in theoretical RL over the last few years, is quite restrictive. However,the paper still provides a
generated:A paper has been published at ICLR 2021 on the topic of multi-task learning and meta-learning.
original:This paper provides generalization bounds for meta-learning based on a notion of task-relatedness. The result is natural and interesting--intuitively, when tasks are similar, then meta-learning algorithms should be able to utilize all data points across all tasks. The theoretical contribution is novel, and the results also provide more practical insight into the performances of some models.
generated:The authors of this paper present a new method for distributed machine learning that is similar to QSGD, but uses a global scaling factor that is known to all parties.
original:This paper proposes a theoretically sound and practically effective method to compress quantized gradients and reduce communication in distributed optimization. The method is interesting and worth publication.
generated:The experiments in this paper support the main claims of the paper.
original:This paper revisits the information bottleneck principle, but in terms of the compression inherent in the weights of a neural network, rather than the representation. This gives the resulting IB principle a PAC-Bayes flavor. The key contribution is a generalization bound based on optimizing the objective dictated by this principle, which is then tractably approximated and experimentally verified. Reviews raise concerns about assumptions made to achieve the tractable version and a public discussion debates whether this is truly a PAC-Bayes bound. The authors address these adequately. Another concern is whether improvements in experiments can be ascribed to the new objective. Authors add new experiments in support of this. Additional concerns about the clarity of certain
generated:Here are some questions for the authors of the paper:.
original:This manuscript proposes and analyses a bucketing method for Byzantine-robustness in non-iid federated learning. The manuscript shows how existing Byzantine-robust methods suffer vulnerabilities when the devices are non-iid, and describe a simple coordinated attack that defeats many existing defenses. In response, the primary algorithmic contribution is a bucketing approach that aggregates subgroups of devices before robust aggregation. This approach is also easily composed with existing Byzantine-robust methods. The manuscript includes an analysis of the performance of the proposed approach, including an information-theoretic lower bound for certain settings. During the review, the main concerns are related to the clarity of the technical contributions,
generated:A review of the paper by Zhang and colleagues, which proposes a way to improve inference speed by directly addressing the attention map computation in the CTC-ASR model.
original:The paper conducted a thorough experimental analysis of the attention map in the Conformer models for CTC based speech recognition models and connected it with phonetic and linguistic information in the speech. Using these insights, the paper presented some computation improvement and marginal quality gains. The authors actively conducted additional experiments to further justify the claims. The paper is strong in terms of the systematic way of in-depth analysis and further development (i. e. sharing the attention map across layers for speedup). But as pointed out by the reviewers, it lacks some comparisons with other alternatives to justify the importance of sharing attention maps in reducing computations. Also it would be better if there's justifications on how the observations
generated:The authors have proposed to use binary-encoded codes for deep regression tasks.
original:The paper focused on deep regression problems and proposed a label encoding technique which can be thought as a sibling of the famous error-correcting output codes but designed for regression problems. The main idea is well illustrated in Figure 1 at the top of page 3, where the encoder and decoder are the main objects of the proposal (and a quantizer is also needed for using the encoder/decoder which is a uniform quantizer in the paper). The idea/proposal is supported by solid theoretical arguments and convincing empirical evidences (not only the paper but also the rebuttal). While there were some concerns in the beginning, the authors have successfully clarified all the concerns and then the
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have proposed a new approach to ML that puts attention at the very centre of an ML force field.
original:The paper proposes a rotationally equivariant transformer architecture for predicting molecular properties. The proposed architecture demonstrates good computational efficiency and good results on three benchmarks. All four reviewers recommend acceptance (two weak, two strong), citing the novelty of the architecture, the good computational efficiency of the model and the good empirical results as the main strengths of the paper. The reviewers expressed minor criticisms and recommendations for improvement, some of which were addressed by the authors during the reviewing process, which led to an increase in scores. Overall, this is a nice contribution of machine learning to science, and I'm happy to recommend acceptance to ICLR.
generated:I recently discussed the work of Ge et al. [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23,24,25
original:Overall, the paper provides interesting counter examples for the SGD with constant step-size (that relies on a relative noise model that diminishes at the critical points), which provide critical (counter) insights into what we consider as good convergence metrics, such as expected norm of the gradient. The initial submission took a controversial position between the mathematical statements and the presentation of the statements on the behavior of the SGD method in non-convex optimization problems. While the mathematical is sufficient for acceptance at ICLR, the presentation was inferring conclusions that could have been misread by the community. I am really happy to state that the review as well as the rebuttal processes helped improved the
generated:A paper has been published in the arXiv that proposes to use a hybrid model aggregation to conduct federated learning leveraging both high-speed D2D network and low- speed D2S network.
original:The paper contributes to the literature on federated learning by introducing a hybrid local SGD (HL-SGD) method. HL-SGD is motivated by the setups where edge devices are grouped into clusters with fast connections within the cluster, but slower connection between the devices and the server. HL-SGD uses hybrid updates: decentralized updates within the clusters and federated averaging steps between the clusters and the server. Initially, the reviews expressed concerns regarding comparison to prior work, empirical results, and privacy of the proposed scheme. However, the authors adequately addressed all of the concerns, added relevant discussions and results to the paper, and a consensus was reached that the paper should be accepted.
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a novel way to slow down the process of stealing machine learning models from the distributed block chain.
original:the paper proposed a novel idea of requiring users to complete a proof-of-work before they can read the model's prediction to prevent model extraction attacks. Reviewers were excited about the paper and ideas. Some misunderstanding raised by reviewers were sufficiently clarified by the authors in the rebuttal.
generated:Here are some questions I have for the authors of a paper published in the journal Neural Networks:.
original:This paper introduces a graph neural network (GNN) based on the finite element method (FEM) for learning partial differential equations from data. The proposed finite element network is based on a piecewise linear function approximation and a message passing GNN for dynamics' prediction. The authors also propose a method to incorporate inductive bias when learning the dynamical model, e. g. including a convection component. The paper received three clear accept and one weak accept recommendations. The reviewers discussed the possible extensions of the method, and also raise several concerns regarding experiments, e. g. the added value of a synthetic dataset, implementation tricks or hyper-parameter settings. The rebuttal did a
generated:A new method for shape completion has been submitted for publication in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:This paper introduced a probabilistic extension to a pipeline for 3D scene geometry reconstruction from large-scale point clouds. All reviewers recognized the significance of the proposed approach and praised the simplicity of deriving a probabilistic version of Generative Cellular Automata that performs well in a number of reconstruction benchmarks. Authors were responsive during rebuttal and managed to clarify the concerns raised about the limited scope of the experiments and certain parameters involved, and also raise one reviewer's scores.
generated:A team of researchers has proposed a novel way to train a face recognition network: federated face recognition (FL).
original:This paper received 4 quality reviews. The rebuttal and discussions were effective. All reviewers raised their ratings after the rebuttal. It finally received 3 ratings of 8, and 1 rating of 5. The AC concurs with the contributions made by this work and recommend acceptance.
generated:This paper addresses an important problem in theoretical neuroscience: while trained deep networks appear to be good models of the visual stream, the amount of training they need is incompatible with biology.
original:This paper experiments with what is required for a deep neural network to be similar to the visual activity in the ventral stream (as judged by the brainscore benchmark). The authors have several interesting contributions, such as showing that a small number of supervised updates are required to predict most of the variance in the brain activity, or that models with randomized synaptic weights can also predict a significant portion of the variance. These different points serve to better connect deep learning to important questions in neuroscience and the presence of the paper at ICLR would create good questions. The discussion between authors and reviewers resulted in a unanimous vote for acceptance, and the authors already made clarifications to the paper. I recommend acceptance.
generated:A new method for comparing reward function without training policies has been proposed in a paper published in the Journal of Reinforcement Learning.
original:The paper proposes a new pseudometric, DARD, for comparing reward functions that avoid policy optimization. DARD builds on a recent work by Gleave et al. 2020 where the pseudometric EPIC was proposed. In contrast to EPIC, DARD operates on an approximate transition model and evaluates reward functions only on transitions close to their training distribution. Empirical experiments in different domains demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed pseudometric. The reviewers acknowledged the importance of the studied problem setting and generally appreciated the results. I want to thank the authors for their detailed responses that helped in answering some of the reviewers' questions and increased their overall assessment of the paper. At the end of the discussion phase
generated:This is the second round of a review round in which I ask you to review a paper.
original:This paper advances the long running thread of sequence modelling research focussed on differentiable instantiations of stack based models. In particular it builds upon recent work on the Nondeterministic Stack RNN (NS-RNN) by introducing three extensions. The first is to relax the need for a normalised distribution over the state and action distribution and allow unnormalised weights, this mostly serves to facilitate gradient flow and thus easier training. The second extension allows the RNN to condition on the top stack state as well as the symbol, improving expressiveness. The third improvement introduces a method for limiting the memory required to run the proposed model on long sequences, thus allowing its application to practical language
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published a paper in the journal Physical Review Letters that compares the performance of MSVGD and SVMD over constrained domains.
original:The paper proposes to extend mirror descent to sampling with stein operator when the density is defined on a constrained domain and non euclidean geometry. All reviewers agreed on the novelty and the merits of the paper. Accept
generated:I’m pretty happy with the results of this paper, but there are some things I would like to see more of.
original:The paper extends MuZero to stochastic (but observable) MDPs. To represent stochastic dynamics, it splits transitions into two parts: a deterministic transition to an afterstate (incorporating all observations and actions up to the current time), followed by a stochastic outcome (accounting for new randomness that follows the last action). The transition to an afterstate is similar in spirit to ordinary MuZero's dynamics model; the stochastic outcome is learned by a VQ-VAE. At planning time, MuZero retains the MCTS lookahead from ordinary MuZero. Stochastic MuZero achieves impressive results: e. g., it
generated:A method to handle conflicting gradients in multi-task learning (MTL) has been proposed in a paper published in the ICLR 2021 conference.
original:The paper addresses the problem of inconsistent gradients in multi-task learning, proposing ways to handle both their magnitude nd direction. Gradient directions are aligned by introducing a rotation layer between the shared backbone and task-specific branches. Reviewers appreciated the technical approach, higlighting the novelty of the rotation layers in this context. The empirical evaluations are systematic fair and insightful, and the presentation is polished. Reviewers unanimously supported accepting the paper.
generated:An adversarial attack that boosts the transferability of vision transformers (ViT) has been described in a paper published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:In this paper, the authors enhance the adversarial transferability of vision transformers by introducing two novel strategies specific to the architecture of ViT models: Self-Ensemble and Token Refinement method. Comprehensive experiments on various models (including CNN's and ViT's variants) and tasks (classification, detection, and segmentation) successfully verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. In general, the problem studied is relevant and important. The paper is well-written and well-motivated with empirical findings. The proposed two strategies are novel, simple to implement, and effective in practice. Following the author's response and discussion, the average score increases from 6 to 7.5, with
generated:Jiang and colleagues have won the competition for the best general adversarial network (GAN) for the image classification task.
original:The paper demonstrates that test error of image classification models can be accurately estimated using samples generated by a GAN. Surprisingly, this relatively simple proposed method outperforms existing approaches including ones from recent competitions. All reviewers agree this is a very interesting finding, even though theoretical analysis is lacking. Given the importance of the problem of predicting generalization, I recommend acceptance.
generated:Swin Transformer and dynamic depth-wise convolution are on par or better than local attention in terms of performance on various vision tasks.
original:All three reviewers recommend acceptance. The paper introduces an interesting study and insights on the connection between local attention and dynamic depth-wise convolution, in terms of sparse connectivity, weight sharing, and dynamic weight. The reviews included questions such as the novelty over [Cordonnier et al 2020] and the connection to Multi-scale vision longformer, which were adequately addressed by the authors. The findings in this paper should be interesting to the ICLR community.
generated:A review of the paper "Stochastic training is not Necessary for Generalization".
original:All the reviewers think that the work is significant and new. Therefore, they support the paper to be published at ICLR 2022. Given the strong results and the “accept” consensus from the reviewers, I accept the paper as “spotlight”. The authors should implement all the reviewers’ suggestions into the final version.
generated:A paper by Zhang, Chuheng, Yuanying Cai, and Longbo Huang Jian Li has been accepted for publication on the arXiv.
original:This paper tackles the problem of exploration using intrinsic rewards in RL in states that have never been encountered before. The authors derive an information gain auxiliary objective that involves training an ensemble of discriminators and rewarding the policy for their disagreement, which estimates the epistemic uncertainty that comes from the discriminator not having seen enough training examples. The intrinsic reward resulting from the so-called DISDAIN (discriminator disagreement intrinsic reward) exploration bonus is more tailored to the true objective compared to pseudocount-based methods. Reviewers agree that the paper is well-motivated and well-written, that the proposed DISDAIN exploration method is simple and practical, and that experiments are convincing. Exper
generated:A paper by Littman and colleagues has been published in the journal Artificial Intelligence.
original:This paper presents an extension of the Predictive State Representation (PSRs) to multi-agent systems, with a dynamic interaction graph represents each agent’s predictive state based on its “neighborhood” agents. Three types of agent networks are considered: static complete graphs (all agents affect all others experience); static non-complete graphs (only some agents affect one another); and dynamic non-complete graphs (agents affect one another in a time varying way). A number of theoretical results are presented, including PAC bounds for the approximations in the framework. The paper also contains a number of experiments that clearly show the advantages of the proposed technique over some related methods
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published an algorithm for support alignment in GANs.
original:Thanks for your submission to ICLR. Three of the four reviewers are ultimately (particularly after discussion) very enthusiastic about the paper, and feel that their concerns have been adequately addressed. The fourth reviewer has not updated his/her score but has indicated that their concerns were at least somewhat addressed. I took a look at their review and agree that the authors have addressed these concerns sufficiently. I am happy to recommend this paper for acceptance at this point. Note that I really appreciate the time and effort that the authors went into adding additional results and clarifications for the reviewers.
generated:A paper has been submitted to ICLR 2022 in the category of Question Answering Neural Networks (GNN).
original:The paper presents a novel method of fusion of information from two modalities: text (context and question) and a Knowledge Base, for the task of question answering. The proposed method looks quite simple and clear, while the results show strong gains against baseline methods on 3 different datasets. Ablation studies show that the model achieves good performance on more complex questions. While the reviewers raise some concerns, e. g., on the sensitivity of the proposed method, the technical novelty against prior works, they see values in this paper in general. And the authors did a good job in their rebuttal. After several rounds of interactions, some reviewers were convinced to raise their scores by a little bit. As
generated:A paper has been published that proposes a new way to improve the performance of AutoML algorithms.
original:This paper addresses an important issue of AutoML systems, specifically their ability to "cold start" on a new problem. Some of the reviewers initially had concerns about the experimental validation and the theoretical foundations of the method, but during the discussion phase the authors addressed concerns extremely well. The authors already included most of the feedback of reviewers, further strengthening the paper.
generated:A post-rebuttal review of the proposed method for multi-agent motion prediction with stacked transformers.
original:This paper studies the problem of motion prediction for multiple agents in a scene using transformer-based VAE like architecture. The paper received mixed reviews initially which generally tended towards borderline acceptance. All reviews appreciated extensive experiments but had some clarifications and requests for ablations. The authors provided a strong rebuttal that addressed many of the reviewers' concerns. The paper was discussed and all the reviewers updated their reviews in the post-rebuttal phase. Reviewers unanimously agree that the paper should be accepted. AC agrees with the reviewers and suggests strong acceptance. The authors are urged to incorporate reviewers' comments in the camera-ready.
generated:A review of the paper, Thm. 1: A new generative learning method for multi-view data, has been published in the Journal of Machine Learning.
original:All reviewers agreed that this is a strong paper, that the methodological contributions are both relevant and significant, and that the experimental validation is convincing. I fully share this viewpoint!
generated:The authors of this paper have shown that Hamiltonian/Lagrangian dynamics based neural networks (HNN/SymODEN) perform poorly in control-related tasks from MuJoCo.
original:This paper examined physics-inspired inductive biases in neural networks, in particular Hamiltonian and Lagrangian dynamics. The work separated the benefits arising from incorporating energy conservation, the symplectic bias, the coordinate systems, and second-order dynamics. Through a set of experiments, the paper showed the most important factor for improved performance in the test domains was the second-order dynamics, and not the more common explanation of energy conservation or the other factors. The increased generality of this approach was demonstrated with better predictions on Mujoco tasks that did not conserve energy. All reviewers liked the insights provided by the paper. They agreed that the paper clearly laid out several hypotheses and systematically tested them.
generated:The paper proposes a novel method to connect a k-NN based memory with transformers for language modeling.
original:This paper studies the problem of dealing with long contexts within a Transformer architecture. The key contribution is a kNN memory module that works in concert with a Transformer by integrating upper layers with additional retrieved context. The idea is simple but the execution is good. While the idea is reminiscent of other recent work on this topic, and novelty is somewhat borderline, it is practically useful. Overall, though ambivalent, my recommendation is that the paper should probably be accepted
generated:Here is a review of the paper, Alg+Predictor, by Lykouris and Vassilvitskii.
original:One might assume that the k-means problem has already been beaten to death, but this paper shows there are still remaining questions. And rather interesting ones at that, with a novel angle of having additional help from a prediction algorithm of cluster memberships. This connects to learning-augmented algorithms research. The reviewers agreed that the problem is interesting and gives a novel angle, and the interestingness stems from novelty, and the ability to "escape" from NP-hardness. The reviewers and authors had nice discussions about details and conclusions, on how limiting is it that the authors focus on reasonably accurate predictors, for instance, and where could the predictors come from. This is
generated:Lin et al '21 is a review of the work of Perez et al (2021) on the uncomputability of EBMs.
original:This is a deep theoretical paper with results that I consider very interesting. I have *not* had time to check them myself, but I have background in these theoretical matters and the results seem reasonable to me - the hardness of even checking the quality of a solution is well known for partition functions (as well as hardness of any reasonable approximation), but the undecidability seems new - I assume it comes naturally and it is a very interesting result - I have seen similar decidability issues for #P: general probabilistic polynomial time Turing machines (it is unclear if a connection was sought here). Reviewers are all positive about the content, and authors have acknowledge some points
generated:Perceiver IO is proposed as a generic architecture for coping with different tasks with various input and output lengths.
original:This paper proposes Perceiver IO, a general neural architecture that handles general purpose inputs and outputs. It operates directly in the raw input domains, and thus does away with modality specific architecture components. The paper contains extensive experiments showing the capabilities of this architecture in different domains. The paper received very positive reviews from all reviewers. Some concerns included a need for additional details such as a missing task from GLUE, FLOPs comparisons to past works, nomenclature for the versions of Perceiver IO, etc. These concerns were well addressed by the authors. Others concerns by reviewers were the lack of experiments in a multi task setting. However, it was acknowledged by the authors and reviewers that
generated:The results of Singh and Kumar's (2020) research into Q-learning have been published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
original:The paper proposes an interesting hypothesis about deep nets' generalization behavior inside RL methods: it suggests that the nets' implicit regularization favors a particular form of degeneracy, in which there is excessive aliasing of state-action pairs that tend to co-occur. It proposes a new regularizer to mitigate this problem. It evaluates the hypothesis and the regularizer empirically, and it provides suggestive derivations to motivate both. The reviewers praised the comprehensive empirical analysis, the insights into learning, and the combination of empirical and theoretical evidence. The authors participated responsively and helpfully in the discussion period, and addressed any concerns raised by the reviewers. This is a strong paper: it derives
generated:The authors of a paper on automatic music transcription (AMT) present their results in a paper at the International Conference on Acoustics and Signal Processing.
original:This work concerns Automatic Music Transcription (AMT) -- transcribing notes given the audio of the music. The paper demonstrates that a single general-purpose transformer model can perform AMT for many instruments across several different transcription datasets. The method represents the first unified AMT model that can transcribe music audio with an arbitrary number of instruments. All reviewers rated this paper highly and are excited about seeing it at the conference. One reviewer noted that "This paper seems to be a great milestone in the AMT research. It is probably the first unified AMT model that can take music audio with an arbitrary number of instruments." The reviewers had some suggestions and comments, which appear to be addressed by
generated:A review of the paper, which has been published in the Journal of Neural Networks.
original:The paper addresses a problem encountered in many real-world applications, i. e. the treatment of tabular data, composed of heterogeneous feature types, where samples are not i. i. d. In this case, learning is more effective if the typically successful approach for i. i. d. data (boosted decision trees + committee techniques) is combined with GNN to take into account the dependencies between samples. The main contribution of the paper with respect to previous work in the field is the introduction of a principled approach to pursue such integration. One important component of the proposed approach is played by the definition of a specific bi-level loss (efficient bilevel boosted smoothing
generated:SEGNNs are an extension of EGNNs (Satorras and Wieler, 2021), but the performance of SEGNN on small molecules is not very competitive.
original:This work combines steerable MLPs with equivariant message passing layers to form Steerable E(3) Equivariant GNNs (SEGNNs). It extends previous work such as Schnet and EGNNs, by allowing equivariant tensor messages (in contrast to scalar or vector messages). The paper also provides a unifying view of related work which is a nice overview for the ML community. It is overall well written, but would benefit from further revision to improve readability in some parts (in particular section 3, cf. reviews). It shows strong empirical results on the IS2RE task of the OC20 dataset and mixed results on the Q
generated:A new method for multi-class face classification has been proposed by the authors of SphereFace2.
original:All reviewers agree that the proposed SphereFace2 approach - training face recognition models by using multiple binary classification losses - is interesting and innovative. The reviewers agree that the paper is well written and are satisfied with the presented experimental study. The rebuttal addressed all additionally raised questions. I believe that the paper will be of interest to the audience attending ICLR and would recommend a presentation of the work as a spotlight.
generated:The authors of this paper have shown that using an ensemble of smooth classifiers can significantly reduce the computational cost of RS.
original:This paper integrates model ensembles with randomized smoothing to improve the certified accuracy. The methodology is motivated theoretically by showing the effect of model ensemble on reducing the variance of smooth classifiers. Moreover, it proposes an adaptive sampling algorithm to reduce the computation required for certifying with randomized smoothing. Extensive experiments were conducted on CIFAR10 and ImageNet datasets. The strengths of the paper are as follows: + In terms of significance of the topic, the problem tackled in the paper is significant and highly relevant. + The motivation of using model ensemble is clearly illustrated via a figure and well justified with theoretical analysis. + Algorithmically, the paper proposes Adaptive Sampling and K
generated:A review of the papers on structured-based model pruning (SOSP-H).
original:Four reviewers have evaluated this submission with one score 6 and three scores 8. Overall, reviewers like the work and note that *a rigorous and principled approach is taken by this work*. AC agrees and advocates an accept.
generated:Here are some of the weaknesses I found in the paper:.
original:The paper describes a novel learning scenario where there are many related tasks, some seen at test time, and some seen only at training time, where additionally the task labels can be hidden or present. This approach generalizes both a "relational setting" (where auxiliary task labels could be used as features) and a "meta setting" (where new tasks need to be solved in a zero-shot setting using data from related tasks only). The idea behind the method is to do MTL with a common representation and a set of task-specific heads, and build a graph where (1) tasks are nodes associated with the parameters of their task-specific "heads" and (2)
generated:In my original review of CoBERL, I noted a number of strengths and weaknesses in the work.
original:This paper introduces a new transformer architecture for representation learning in RL. The key ingredients of the proposed architectures are a novel combination of existing methods: (1) the use of LSTMs to reduce the need for large transformers and (2) a contrastive learning procedure that doesn't require human data augmentation. The resulting approach requires less prior knowledge and provides higher sample efficiency. The paper is convincing, with comprehensive experiments on multiple challenging and well-known benchmarks and an ablation study. The reviewers did expressed concerns that parts of the paper are a very difficult read and could use improvement, especially those relying on substantial external background. The intuition behind several components could be improved, and there are
generated:The authors of a new approach to the problem of causal discovery have been invited to present their work at the ICLR conference in London.
original:This paper is a solid contribution to researchers in this field, as it provides a new idea for the basic problem of determining the direction of causality between two variables, using the functional causal model as a dynamical system and optimal transport.
generated:A paper by Poggio, Rifkin, Mukherjee and Rakhlin has been published in the journal Pattern Recognition.
original:This manuscript proposes and analyses can approach to address the centralized and personalized tasks in federated learning jointly. Existing work has tackled this issue by developing separate tasks. Instead, this manuscript proposes a shared architecture that aims to optimize centralized and personalized models. One observation motivating this work is that local models trained during federated learning effectively optimize local task performance. The resulting approach results well when label shifts primarily drive the client variability. Here, the centralized components are trained to optimize a balanced risk, while the local components are trained to optimize the standard empirical risk. Reviewers agree that the manuscript is well-written and appropriately addresses the timely issue posed. The main concerns are the clarity of the technical contributions and
generated:A review of the VaGraM paper by Farahmand, Amir-massoud, Modhe, Harish Kamath, and Ashwin Kalyan.
original:This paper studies model-based RL in the setting where the model can be misspecified. In this case, MLE of model parameters is a not necessarily a good idea because the error in the model estimate compounds when the model is used for planning. The authors solve this problem by optimizing a novel objective, which takes the quality of the next state prediction into account. This paper studies an important problem and this was recognized by all reviewers. Its initial reviews were positive and improved to 8, 8, 6, and 6 after the rebuttal. The rebuttal was comprehensive and exemplary. For instance, one concern of this paper was limited empirical evaluation. The authors added 5 new benchmarks and also
generated:This is a very interesting paper, and will benefit the multilingual NLP community in thinking carefully about the choice of input representations for many languages.
original:The authors address a very important question pertaining to the relevance of morphological complexity in the ability of transformer based conditional language models. Through extensive (controlled) experiments using 6 languages they answer as well as raise very interesting questions about the role of morphology/segmentation/vocab size which mat spawn more work in this area. All the reviewers were positive about the paper and agreed that the paper made significant contributions which would be useful to the community. More importantly, the authors and reviewers engaged in meaningful and insightful discussions through the discussion phase. The authors did a thorough job of addressing all reviewer concerns and changing the draft of the paper accordingly. I have no hesitation in recommending that this paper should be
generated:The idea of using behavior policy to guide the reinforcement learning algorithm is promising given the fact that demonstrations are sparse to learn.
original:The authors introduce a method for improving reinforcement learning in sparse reward settings. In particular, they propose to take advantage of a suboptimal behavior policy as a guidance policy that is incorporated in a TRPO-like update. The reviewers agree that this is a novel and interesting idea and given the authors' rebuttal with additional experiments, clarifications and discussions, they agreed to accept the paper. However, they also point out several flaws (e. g. evaluation on a more challenging sparse-reward task such as Adroid) that I encourage the authors to address in the final version of the paper.
generated:This is the first paper of its kind to address the question of whether emergent languages (ECs) can be used outside the game.
original:This paper explores ways in which *emergent communication* (EC) methods from representation learning can be evaluated extrinsically, by hooking them into downstream NLP tasks. Reviewers agree that the paper is thorough, and finds encouraging results. This paper is borderline, and difficult to evaluate, even after very substantial discussion (some of it private). From my reading of the reviews and pieces of the paper, I'm very sympathetic to wvqW's concern that none of the present-day applications under study seem likely to benefit from this kind of emergent communication pretraining: *Natural* language pretraining, even transferring across natural languages, is for too strong a baseline,
generated:This is a well-written paper and generally well structured, making good use of appendices.
original:The authors introduce the Time-Aware Multiperistence Spatio-Supra Graph CN that uses multiparameter persistence to capture the latent time dependencies in spatio-temporal data. This is a novel and experimentally well-supported work. The novelty is achieved by combining research in topological analysis (multipersistence) and neural networks. Technically sound. Clear presentation and extensive experimental section. Reviewers were uniformly positive, agreeing that the approach was interesting and well-motivated, and the experiments convincing. Some concerns that were raised were successfully addressed by the authors and revised in the manuscript. Happy to recommend acceptance. A veru nice paper!
generated:A new method for training large language models (BERT) has been proposed by Webster et al.
original:This paper is a resource and numerical investigation into the variability of BERT checkpoints. It also provides a bootstrap method for making investigations on the checkpoints. All reviewers appreciate this contribution that can be expected to be used by the NLP community.
generated:The paper is published in the Journal of Neural Networks (JNSN).
original:This paper proposes a message passing neural network to solve PDEs. The paper has sound motivation, clear methodology, and extensive empirical study. However, on the other hand, some reviewers also raised their concerns, especially regarding the lack of clear notations and sufficient discussions on the difference between the proposed method and previous works. Furthermore, there is no ablation study and the generalization to multiple spatial resolution is not clearly explained. The authors did a very good job during the rebuttal period: many concerns/doubts/questions from the reviewers were successfully addressed and additional experiments have been performed to support the authors' answers. As a result, several reviewers decided to raise their scores,
generated:A study of the XTX method in Zork1 has shown it outperforms the existing Go-explore and MPRC-DQN methods, but not the ENCHANTER method.
original:I thank the authors for their submission and active participation in the discussions. All reviewers are unanimously leaning towards acceptance of this paper. Reviewers in particular liked that the paper is well-written and easy to follow [186e,TAdH,Exgo], well motivated [TAdH], interesting [PsKh], novel [186e] and provides gains over baselines [186e,TAdH,PsKh] with interesting ablations [186e,Exgo]. I thus recommend accepting the paper and I encourage the authors to further improve their paper based on the reviewer feedback.
generated:Here are some of the comments on a paper published at the International Conference on Machine Learning:.
original:This paper provides a very large-scale study on the pretraining of image recognition models. Specifically, three scaling factors (model sizes, dataset sizes, and training time) are extensively investigated. One important phenomenon observed by this paper is that stronger upstream accuracy may not necessarily contribute to stronger performance on downstream tasks---actually sometimes these two types of performance could even be at odds with each other Overall, all the reviewers enjoy reading this paper and highly appreciate the empirical results presented in this paper. There were only a few concerns raised by the reviewers but most were well addressed during the discussion period. All reviewers reach a consensus on accepting this paper and believe this study is worthy to be heard by the community.
generated:This is an interesting paper that shows that the probabilistic transformer can be used to model any data dependent constraint set.
original:The paper studies an interesting question of whether neural networks can approximate the target function while keep the output in the constraint set. The constraint set is quite natural for e. g. multi-class classification, where the output has to stay on on the probability manifold. The challenge here is that traditional universal approximation theory only guarantees that f^(x)≈f(x), but can not guarantee that f^(x) lies exactly in the same constraint set as f(x). The paper made a significant contribution in the theory of deep learning -- It is shown that the neural network can indeed approximate any regular functions while keep the output stay in the regular constraint set. This gives
generated:What are your thoughts on this paper, which addresses scaling laws for NMT models?
original:This is a strong empirical paper that studies scaling laws for NMT in terms of several new aspects, such as the model quality as a function of the encoder and decoder sizes, and how the composition of data affects scaling, etc. The extensive empricial results offer new insights to the questions and provide valuable guidance for future research on deep NMT. The datasets used in the study are non-public, which may make it hard to reproduce the evaluation.
generated:A team of researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, have published a paper in the Journal of reinforcement learning.
original:The authors present a method called "AdaRL" that learns a structured latent representation that characterizes relationships between different variables in an RL system. The method is evaluated on modified Pong and Cart-Pole domains and it is shown to outperform other transfer learning baselines. The reviewers agree that the method makes sense and addresses an important problem of transfer in RL. The authors did a good job in the rebuttal to empirically validate their claims and provided extra experiments. The reviewers also point out that the evaluated domains are rather simple and the paper would benefit from evaluations in a more complex environment as well as better writing. Please focus on improving these aspects in the final version of the paper
generated:The authors of a paper in the journal Science have proposed a novel method for docking rigid proteins.
original:This paper introduces a novel SE(3) equivariant graph matching network, along with a keypoint discovery and alignment approach, for the problem of protein-protein docking, with a novel loss based on optimal transport. The overall consensus is that this is an impactful solution to an important problem, whereby competitive results are achieved without the need for templates, refinement, and are achieved with substantially faster run times.
generated:A review of the latest research on fine-tuning BERTs by Dodge and Bugliarello.
original:The paper reviews and draws connections between several parameter-efficient fine-tuning methods. All reviewers found the paper addresses an important research problem, and the theoretical justification and empirical analyses are convincing.
generated:A review of the paper "KNN-LM", which shows that a method to model language through a graph can achieve the new SOTA on WikiText-103, has been published.
original:This paper introduces a new type of language model, the GNN-LM, which uses a graph neural network to allow a language model to reference similar contexts in the training corpus in addition to the input context. The empirical results are good, and the model sets a new SOTA on the benchmark Wikitext-103 corpus, as well as improving over strong baselines on two other language modeling datasets (enwiki8 and Billion Word Benchmark). The main drawback, as noted by one reviewer, is the computational expense of the method with significant slowdowns compared to the baseline. Two reviewers voted strong accept, with a third raising several concerns. The largest concern was the lack of comparison to
generated:A look at some of the strengths and weaknesses of the paper:.
original:The authors propose a memory-based continual learning method that decomposes the models' parameters and that shares a large number of the decomposed parameters across tasks. In other words, only a small number of parameters are task-specific and the memory usage of storing models from previous tasks is hence a fraction of the memory usage of previous approaches. The authors take advantage of their method to propose specific ensembling approaches and demonstrate the strong performance of their methods using several datasets. In the rebuttal, the authors were very reactive and provided many useful additional results during including a comparison of the computational cost of their method vs. others, results using two new datasets (CUBS & Flowers), and additional results
generated:The first part of my review of the paper is about how the algorithm works, and how I think it could be improved.
original:This paper proposes an innovative method for continual learning that modifies the direction of gradients on a new task to minimise forgetting on previous tasks without data replay. The method is mathematically rigorous with a strong theoretical analysis and excellent empirical results across multiple continual learning benchmarks. It is a clear accept. There was good discussion between the reviewers and authors that addressed a number of minor issues, including clarifying that the method has the same computational complexity as backpropagation. The authors are encouraged to make sure that these points are addressed in the final version of the paper.
